
Repository: sveltejs/svelte
Url: "https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte.git"
Args: ["**"]
Lines:
 CSpell: Files checked: 7084, Issues found: 3619 in 500 files.
 exit code: 1
CONTRIBUTING.md:22:5      - Unknown word (Triaging)   -- ### Triaging issues and pull requests
benchmarking/benchmarks/reactivity/index.js:11:2      - Unknown word (sbench)     -- sbench_create_0to1,
benchmarking/benchmarks/reactivity/index.js:1:10      - Unknown word (kairo)      -- import { kairo_avoidable_owned, kairo
benchmarking/benchmarks/reactivity/kairo/kairo_mux.js:9:8       - Unknown word (splited)    -- const splited = heads
benchmarking/benchmarks/reactivity/sbench.js:143:20    - Unknown word (scount)     -- * @param {number} scount
documentation/docs/01-introduction/02-getting-started.md:8:15      - Unknown word (myapp)      -- npx sv create myapp
documentation/docs/01-introduction/03-svelte-files.md:34:20     - Unknown word (behaviour)  -- <!-- TODO describe behaviour of `export` -->
documentation/docs/02-runes/01-what-are-runes.md:5:21      - Unknown word (ro͞on)      -- > [!NOTE] **rune** /ro͞on/ _noun_
documentation/docs/02-runes/02-$state.md:25:10     - Unknown word (proxified)  -- State is proxified recursively until Svelte
documentation/docs/02-runes/04-$effect.md:223:55    - Unknown word (unlistens)  -- called once a listener unlistens
documentation/docs/02-runes/04-$effect.md:246:252   - Unknown word (initialisation) -- outside of the component initialisation phase.
documentation/docs/02-runes/04-$effect.md:266:215   - Unknown word (synchronise)    -- particular, avoid using it to synchronise state. Instead of this
documentation/docs/02-runes/08-$host.md:32:2      - Unknown word (ondecrement) -- ondecrement={() => count -= 1}
documentation/docs/02-runes/08-$host.md:33:2      - Unknown word (onincrement) -- onincrement={() => count += 1}
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/01-basic-markup.md:201:15    - Unknown word (Arethra)     -- <Main name="Arethra">
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/01-basic-markup.md:9:66      - Unknown word (capitalised) -- regular HTML element. A capitalised tag or a tag that uses
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/04-key.md:10:145    - Unknown word (reinstantiated) -- will cause them to be reinstantiated and reinitialised:
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/04-key.md:10:164    - Unknown word (reinitialised)  -- be reinstantiated and reinitialised:
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/06-snippet.md:15:128    - Unknown word (duplicative) -- Instead of writing duplicative code like [this](/playground
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/08-@html.md:13:216    - Unknown word (unsanitized) -- xss/). Never render unsanitized content.
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/10-@debug.md:10:3      - Unknown word (firstname)  -- firstname: 'Ada',
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/10-@debug.md:11:3      - Unknown word (lastname)   -- lastname: 'Lovelace'
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/11-bind.md:7:79      - Unknown word (lvalue)     -- `expression` is an _lvalue_ (i.e. a variable or
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/11-bind.md:88:53     - Unknown word (Guac)       -- group={fillings} value="Guac (extra)" />
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/12-use.md:11:11     - Unknown word (myaction)   -- function myaction(node) {
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/12-use.md:60:7      - Unknown word (onswiperight) -- * onswiperight: (e: CustomEvent) =
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/12-use.md:61:7      - Unknown word (onswipeleft)  -- * onswipeleft: (e: CustomEvent) =
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/12-use.md:68:40     - Unknown word (swipeleft)    -- ispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('swipeleft'));
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/12-use.md:71:40     - Unknown word (swiperight)   -- ispatchEvent(new CustomEvent('swiperight'));
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:106:123   - Unknown word (jank)       -- main thread, preventing jank on slower devices.
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:154:4     - Unknown word (introstart) -- - `introstart`
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:155:4     - Unknown word (introend)   -- - `introend`
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:156:4     - Unknown word (outrostart) -- - `outrostart`
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:157:4     - Unknown word (outroend)   -- - `outroend`
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:163:3     - Unknown word (onintrostart) -- onintrostart={() => (status = 'intro
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:164:3     - Unknown word (onoutrostart) -- onoutrostart={() => (status = 'outro
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:164:34    - Unknown word (outro)        -- noutrostart={() => (status = 'outro started')}
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:165:3     - Unknown word (onintroend)   -- onintroend={() => (status = 'intro
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:166:3     - Unknown word (onoutroend)   -- onoutroend={() => (status = 'outro
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/13-transition.md:47:16     - Unknown word (curlies)    -- (The double `{{curlies}}` aren't a special
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/14-in-and-out.md:5:255     - Unknown word (outroed)    -- reversing, if the block is outroed while the transition
documentation/docs/03-template-syntax/xx-data-fetching.md:14:59     - Unknown word (unergonomic) -- with promises somewhat unergonomic. Svelte alleviates this
documentation/docs/04-styling/03-custom-properties.md:17:28     - Unknown word (desugars)   -- above code essentially desugars to this:
documentation/docs/05-special-elements/07-svelte-options.md:13:111    - Unknown word (mathml)     -- default), "svg" or "mathml"
documentation/docs/06-runtime/01-stores.md:133:42    - Unknown word (tock)       -- sound === 'tick' ? 'tock' : 'tick'));
documentation/docs/06-runtime/01-stores.md:307:159   - Unknown word (unsubscription) -- rather than return the unsubscription function directly. Note
documentation/docs/06-runtime/02-context.md:6:20      - Unknown word (practises)  -- - how to use, best practises (like encapsulating
documentation/docs/06-runtime/03-lifecycle-hooks.md:103:33    - Unknown word (autoscrolls) -- implement a chat window that autoscrolls to the bottom when new
documentation/docs/07-misc/03-typescript.md:254:26    - Unknown word (someattribute) -- my-custom-element': { someattribute: string; 'on:event'
documentation/docs/07-misc/03-typescript.md:258:29    - Unknown word (beforeinstallprompt) -- you want to use the beforeinstallprompt event
documentation/docs/07-misc/03-typescript.md:261:3     - Unknown word (mycustomattribute)   -- mycustomattribute?: any; // You can replace
documentation/docs/07-misc/03-typescript.md:281:3     - Unknown word (veryexperimentalattribute) -- veryexperimentalattribute?: string;
documentation/docs/07-misc/03-typescript.md:31:110    - Unknown word (transpiling) -- just disappear when transpiling to JavaScript, such
documentation/docs/07-misc/06-v4-migration-guide.md:129:71    - Unknown word (navigations) -- confusion around page navigations. "local" means that
documentation/docs/07-misc/06-v4-migration-guide.md:219:54    - Unknown word (Dsve)        -- example if you are using `MDsveX` - in which case you
documentation/docs/07-misc/06-v4-migration-guide.md:225:2     - Unknown word (mdsvex)      -- mdsvex(mdsvexConfig)---
documentation/docs/07-misc/06-v4-migration-guide.md:239:43    - Unknown word (outroing)    -- attribute is now applied to outroing elements to make them
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:269:55    - Unknown word (nonpassive) -- capture`, `passive` and `nonpassive` — that can't be expressed
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:274:9     - Unknown word (onclickcapture) -- <button onclickcapture={...}>...</button>
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:486:25    - Unknown word (automigrated)   -- Things that are not automigrated
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:742:11    - Unknown word (footgun)        -- This is a footgun. In runes mode, if you
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:784:28    - Unknown word (analyse)        -- Previously, Svelte did not analyse selectors inside `:is
documentation/docs/07-misc/07-v5-migration-guide.md:94:23     - Unknown word (klass)      -- renaming: `export { klass as class}`
documentation/docs/07-misc/99-faq.md:101:2     - Unknown word (Routify)    -- [Routify](https://routify.dev
documentation/docs/07-misc/99-faq.md:103:56    - Unknown word (sveltesociety) -- maintained list of routers on sveltesociety.dev](https://sveltesociety
documentation/docs/07-misc/99-faq.md:95:127    - Unknown word (navaid)     -- page.js). There's also [navaid](https://github.com
documentation/docs/99-legacy/10-legacy-on.md:88:73     - Unknown word (initialised) -- dispatcher_ when they are initialised:
package.json:34:7      - Unknown word (svitejs)    -- "@svitejs/changesets-changelog
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1046:7    - Unknown word (initialising)   -- - Fix initialising slot fallbacks when
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1058:7    - Unknown word (bitmask)        -- - Fix bitmask overflow for `{#if}
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1098:8    - Unknown word (autosubscribing) -- - Make autosubscribing to a nullish store a
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1131:7    - Unknown word (stringifying)    -- - Fix stringifying of attributes in SSR
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1154:14   - Unknown word (autosubscribed)  -- - Fix noting autosubscribed stores as `referenced
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1178:7    - Unknown word (bitmasks)        -- - Use bitmasks to track changes ([
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1179:7    - Unknown word (heisenbug)       -- - Fix heisenbug with component styles
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1280:3    - Unknown word (Robustify)       -- - Robustify cyclical dependency
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1327:25   - Unknown word (Lified)          -- Remove commas from HTMLified attributes with multiple
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1358:31   - Unknown word (unfocusable)     -- resize listener object unfocusable ([#3206](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1369:9    - Unknown word (crossfaded)      -- - Scale crossfaded elements ([#3175](https
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1382:3    - Unknown word (Recognise)       -- - Recognise dependencies in function
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1409:51   - Unknown word (introing)        -- dynamic component before introing ([#3054](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1421:47   - Unknown word (outros)          -- keyed each blocks with outros ([#3055](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1472:7    - Unknown word (docstrings)      -- - Add docstrings to `svelte/store` (
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1563:3    - Unknown word (Initialise)      -- - Initialise window scroll from component
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1641:14   - Unknown word (onstate)         -- - Run first `onstate` _before_ fragment is
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:1788:11   - Unknown word (codegen)         -- - Various codegen improvements ([#141
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2002:20   - Unknown word (capitalisation)  -- - Don't warn about capitalisation if `options.name` begins
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2008:9    - Unknown word (oncreate)        -- - Fire `oncreate` when custom element
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2033:10   - Unknown word (CLRF)            -- - Handle CLRF line endings in await
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2075:13   - Unknown word (reinitialise)    -- - Correctly reinitialise dynamic components
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:226:10    - Unknown word (deindent)   -- - chore: deindent cjs output for compiler
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2298:20   - Unknown word (atrules)         -- - Fix `@keyframes` atrules with `from` and `to
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2427:3    - Unknown word (Sanitise)        -- - Sanitise event handler names
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2444:33   - Unknown word (treeshakeable)   -- transitionManager` is treeshakeable ([#593](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2551:34   - Unknown word (deconflicted)    -- event handler names are deconflicted ([#466](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2590:20   - Unknown word (Bublé)           -- - Disable unneeded Bublé transformations for
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2595:15   - Unknown word (deconflicting)   -- - More robust deconflicting ([#401](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2673:14   - Unknown word (onrender)        -- - Deprecate `onrender` and `onteardown` in
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2673:29   - Unknown word (onteardown)      -- Deprecate `onrender` and `onteardown` in favour of `oncreate
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2678:99   - Unknown word (textareas)       -- checkbox` and `radio`, and textareas ([#309](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:2833:7    - Unknown word (keypath)         -- - Fix keypath dynamic attributes in
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:343:19    - Unknown word (microdata)  -- - Properly handle microdata attributes ([#8413]
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:372:23    - Unknown word (replacestate) -- Add `data-sveltekit-replacestate` and `data-sveltekit
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:372:57    - Unknown word (keepfocus)    -- and `data-sveltekit-keepfocus` attribute typings
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:373:46    - Unknown word (crossfading)  -- dimensions immediately before crossfading ([#4111](https://github
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:396:3     - Unknown word (Optimise)     -- - Optimise `<svelte:element>` output
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:575:40    - Unknown word (destructurings) -- values in `{#each}`/etc. destructurings not being considered
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:733:20    - Unknown word (optimisation)   -- - Revert hydration optimisation for the time being
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:814:3     - Unknown word (Deconflict)     -- - Deconflict variable names used
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:916:28    - Unknown word (parameterised)  -- transitions that are parameterised with stores ([#5244
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:934:41    - Unknown word (optimised)      -- for elements that are optimised and inserted with `
packages/svelte/CHANGELOG-pre-5.md:943:73    - Unknown word (autoclosing)    -- mismatched tags are due to autoclosing of tags ([#5049](https
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1004:2    - Unknown word (marginheight)                         -- marginheight?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1006:2    - Unknown word (marginwidth)                          -- marginwidth?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:101:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionend) -- oncompositionend?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1022:2    - Unknown word (fetchpriority)                        -- fetchpriority?: 'auto' | 'high' |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:102:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionendcapture) -- oncompositionendcapture?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:104:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionstart)      -- oncompositionstart?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:105:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionstartcapture) -- oncompositionstartcapture?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1072:2    - Unknown word (autocorrect)                          -- autocorrect?: 'on' | 'off' | ''
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:107:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionupdate)       -- oncompositionupdate?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:108:2     - Unknown word (oncompositionupdatecapture) -- oncompositionupdatecapture?: CompositionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1092:2    - Unknown word (maxlength)                            -- maxlength?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:10:20     - Unknown word (Patricio)   -- // Patricio Zavolinsky <https:/
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:10:29     - Unknown word (Zavolinsky) -- Patricio Zavolinsky <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1123:2    - Unknown word (keytype)                              -- keytype?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1124:2    - Unknown word (keyparams)                            -- keyparams?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:113:2     - Unknown word (onfocuscapture)             -- onfocuscapture?: FocusEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1154:6    - Unknown word (serviceworker)                        -- | 'serviceworker'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1159:6    - Unknown word (webidentity)                          -- | 'webidentity'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:116:2     - Unknown word (onfocusincapture)           -- onfocusincapture?: FocusEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1170:2    - Unknown word (imagesrcset)                          -- imagesrcset?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1171:2    - Unknown word (imagesizes)                           -- imagesizes?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1191:2    - Unknown word (controlslist)                         -- controlslist?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1192:6    - Unknown word (nodownload)                           -- | 'nodownload'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1193:6    - Unknown word (nofullscreen)                         -- | 'nofullscreen'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1194:6    - Unknown word (noplaybackrate)                       -- | 'noplaybackrate'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1195:6    - Unknown word (noremoteplayback)                     -- | 'noremoteplayback'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:119:2     - Unknown word (onfocusoutcapture)          -- onfocusoutcapture?: FocusEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1200:2    - Unknown word (currenttime)                          -- currenttime?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1201:2    - Unknown word (defaultmuted)                         -- defaultmuted?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1202:2    - Unknown word (defaultplaybackrate)                  -- defaultplaybackrate?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1206:2    - Unknown word (playsinline)                          -- playsinline?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:122:2     - Unknown word (onblurcapture)              -- onblurcapture?: FocusEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1264:2    - Unknown word (classid)                              -- classid?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1272:2    - Unknown word (wmode)                                -- wmode?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:127:2     - Unknown word (onchangecapture)            -- onchangecapture?: FormEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:12:20     - Unknown word (Dovydas)    -- // Dovydas Navickas <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:12:28     - Unknown word (Navickas)   -- Dovydas Navickas <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:130:2     - Unknown word (onbeforeinputcapture)       -- onbeforeinputcapture?: EventHandler<InputEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:134:2     - Unknown word (oninputcapture)             -- oninputcapture?: FormEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1363:2    - Unknown word (bgcolor)                              -- bgcolor?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1366:2    - Unknown word (cellspacing)                          -- cellspacing?: number | string |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:137:2     - Unknown word (onresetcapture)             -- onresetcapture?: FormEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:140:2     - Unknown word (onsubmitcapture)            -- onsubmitcapture?: EventHandler<SubmitEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1433:2    - Unknown word (disablepictureinpicture)              -- disablepictureinpicture?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1434:2    - Unknown word (disableremoteplayback)               -- disableremoteplayback?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:143:2     - Unknown word (oninvalidcapture)           -- oninvalidcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1465:2    - Unknown word (onbeforeinstallprompt)               -- onbeforeinstallprompt?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1466:6    - Unknown word (deviceproximity)                     -- 'on:deviceproximity'?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1467:2    - Unknown word (ondeviceproximity)                   -- ondeviceproximity?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1469:2    - Unknown word (onpaint)                             -- onpaint?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:146:2     - Unknown word (onformdatacapture)          -- onformdatacapture?: EventHandler<FormDataEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1470:6    - Unknown word (userproximity)                       -- 'on:userproximity'?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1471:2    - Unknown word (onuserproximity)                     -- onuserproximity?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:14:20     - Unknown word (Guilherme)  -- // Guilherme Hübner <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:14:30     - Unknown word (Hübner)     -- Guilherme Hübner <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:151:2     - Unknown word (onloadcapture)              -- onloadcapture?: EventHandler | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:154:2     - Unknown word (onerrorcapture)             -- onerrorcapture?: EventHandler | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1570:2    - Unknown word (bbox)                                -- bbox?: number | string |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:159:2     - Unknown word (onbeforetogglecapture)      -- onbeforetogglecapture?: ToggleEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:15:20     - Unknown word (Ferdy)      -- // Ferdy Budhidharma <https:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:15:26     - Unknown word (Budhidharma) -- Ferdy Budhidharma <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:162:2     - Unknown word (ontogglecapture)            -- ontogglecapture?: ToggleEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1636:3    - Unknown word (horiz)                               -- 'horiz-adv-x'?: number | string
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:165:6     - Unknown word (contentvisibilityautostatechange) -- 'on:contentvisibilityautostatechange'?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1682:3    - Unknown word (panose)                              -- 'panose-1'?: number | string
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:169:2     - Unknown word (oncontentvisibilityautostatechange) -- oncontentvisibilityautostatechange?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:16:27     - Unknown word (Rakotoharisoa) -- Johann Rakotoharisoa <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1721:2    - Unknown word (stemh)                               -- stemh?: number | string |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1722:2    - Unknown word (stemv)                               -- stemv?: number | string |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:173:2     - Unknown word (oncontentvisibilityautostatechangecapture) -- oncontentvisibilityautostatechangecapture?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1786:3    - Unknown word (xlink)                               -- 'xlink:actuate'?: string |
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1787:9    - Unknown word (arcrole)                             -- 'xlink:arcrole'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1810:2    - Unknown word (shadowrootmode)                      -- shadowrootmode?: 'open' | 'closed'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1815:2    - Unknown word (allowpopups)                         -- allowpopups?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1817:2    - Unknown word (blinkfeatures)                       -- blinkfeatures?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1818:2    - Unknown word (disableblinkfeatures)                -- disableblinkfeatures?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1819:2    - Unknown word (disableguestresize)                  -- disableguestresize?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:181:2     - Unknown word (onkeydowncapture)                          -- onkeydowncapture?: KeyboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1820:2    - Unknown word (disablewebsecurity)                  -- disablewebsecurity?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1821:2    - Unknown word (guestinstance)                       -- guestinstance?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1822:2    - Unknown word (httpreferrer)                        -- httpreferrer?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1823:2    - Unknown word (nodeintegration)                     -- nodeintegration?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1829:2    - Unknown word (webpreferences)                      -- webpreferences?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:184:2     - Unknown word (onkeypresscapture)                         -- onkeypresscapture?: KeyboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:187:2     - Unknown word (onkeyupcapture)                            -- onkeyupcapture?: KeyboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:18:27     - Unknown word (Hochel)        -- Martin Hochel <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:192:2     - Unknown word (onabortcapture)                            -- onabortcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:195:2     - Unknown word (oncanplaycapture)                          -- oncanplaycapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:198:2     - Unknown word (oncanplaythroughcapture)                   -- oncanplaythroughcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:1999:2    - Unknown word (mpath)                               -- mpath: SVGAttributes<SVGElement
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:201:2     - Unknown word (oncuechangecapture)                        -- oncuechangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:204:2     - Unknown word (ondurationchangecapture)                   -- ondurationchangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:207:2     - Unknown word (onemptiedcapture)                          -- onemptiedcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:210:2     - Unknown word (onencryptedcapture)                        -- onencryptedcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:213:2     - Unknown word (onendedcapture)                            -- onendedcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:216:2     - Unknown word (onloadeddatacapture)                       -- onloadeddatacapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:219:2     - Unknown word (onloadedmetadatacapture)                   -- onloadedmetadatacapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:21:20     - Unknown word (Saransh)       -- // Saransh Kataria <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:21:28     - Unknown word (Kataria)       -- Saransh Kataria <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:222:2     - Unknown word (onloadstartcapture)                        -- onloadstartcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:225:2     - Unknown word (onpausecapture)                            -- onpausecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:228:2     - Unknown word (onplaycapture)                             -- onplaycapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:22:20     - Unknown word (Kanitkorn)     -- // Kanitkorn Sujautra <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:22:30     - Unknown word (Sujautra)      -- Kanitkorn Sujautra <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:231:2     - Unknown word (onplayingcapture)                          -- onplayingcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:234:2     - Unknown word (onprogresscapture)                         -- onprogresscapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:237:2     - Unknown word (onratechangecapture)                       -- onratechangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:23:30     - Unknown word (Silbermann)    -- Sebastian Silbermann <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:240:2     - Unknown word (onseekedcapture)                           -- onseekedcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:243:2     - Unknown word (onseekingcapture)                          -- onseekingcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:246:2     - Unknown word (onstalledcapture)                          -- onstalledcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:249:2     - Unknown word (onsuspendcapture)                          -- onsuspendcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:24:25     - Unknown word (Scully)        -- Kyle Scully <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:252:2     - Unknown word (ontimeupdatecapture)                       -- ontimeupdatecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:255:2     - Unknown word (onvolumechangecapture)                    -- onvolumechangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:258:2     - Unknown word (onwaitingcapture)                         -- onwaitingcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:25:25     - Unknown word (Zhang)         -- Cong Zhang <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:263:2     - Unknown word (onauxclickcapture)                        -- onauxclickcapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:269:2     - Unknown word (oncontextmenucapture)                     -- oncontextmenucapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:26:20     - Unknown word (Dimitri)       -- // Dimitri Mitropoulos <https:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:26:28     - Unknown word (Mitropoulos)   -- Dimitri Mitropoulos <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:272:2     - Unknown word (ondblclickcapture)                        -- ondblclickcapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:275:2     - Unknown word (ondragcapture)                            -- ondragcapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:278:2     - Unknown word (ondragendcapture)                         -- ondragendcapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:27:20     - Unknown word (Jong)          -- // JongChan Choi <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:27:29     - Unknown word (Choi)          -- JongChan Choi <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:281:2     - Unknown word (ondragentercapture)                       -- ondragentercapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:284:2     - Unknown word (ondragexitcapture)                        -- ondragexitcapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:287:2     - Unknown word (ondragleavecapture)                       -- ondragleavecapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:28:27     - Unknown word (Magalhães)     -- Victor Magalhães <https://github.com
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:290:2     - Unknown word (ondragovercapture)                        -- ondragovercapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:293:2     - Unknown word (ondragstartcapture)                       -- ondragstartcapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:296:2     - Unknown word (ondropcapture)                            -- ondropcapture?: DragEventHandler<T
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:299:2     - Unknown word (onmousedowncapture)                       -- onmousedowncapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:306:2     - Unknown word (onmousemovecapture)                       -- onmousemovecapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:309:2     - Unknown word (onmouseoutcapture)                        -- onmouseoutcapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:30:20     - Unknown word (Priyanshu)     -- // Priyanshu Rav <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:312:2     - Unknown word (onmouseovercapture)                       -- onmouseovercapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:315:2     - Unknown word (onmouseupcapture)                         -- onmouseupcapture?: MouseEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:320:2     - Unknown word (onselectcapture)                          -- onselectcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:323:2     - Unknown word (onselectionchangecapture)                 -- onselectionchangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:326:2     - Unknown word (onselectstartcapture)                     -- onselectstartcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:331:2     - Unknown word (ontouchcancelcapture)                     -- ontouchcancelcapture?: TouchEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:334:2     - Unknown word (ontouchendcapture)                        -- ontouchendcapture?: TouchEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:337:2     - Unknown word (ontouchmovecapture)                       -- ontouchmovecapture?: TouchEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:340:2     - Unknown word (ontouchstartcapture)                      -- ontouchstartcapture?: TouchEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:345:2     - Unknown word (ongotpointercapturecapture)              -- ongotpointercapturecapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:348:2     - Unknown word (onpointercancelcapture)                  -- onpointercancelcapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:351:2     - Unknown word (onpointerdowncapture)                    -- onpointerdowncapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:354:2     - Unknown word (onpointerentercapture)                   -- onpointerentercapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:357:2     - Unknown word (onpointerleavecapture)                   -- onpointerleavecapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:360:2     - Unknown word (onpointermovecapture)                    -- onpointermovecapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:363:2     - Unknown word (onpointeroutcapture)                     -- onpointeroutcapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:366:2     - Unknown word (onpointerovercapture)                    -- onpointerovercapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:369:2     - Unknown word (onpointerupcapture)                      -- onpointerupcapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:36:6      - Unknown word (Booleanish)    -- type Booleanish = boolean | 'true'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:372:2     - Unknown word (onlostpointercapturecapture)             -- onlostpointercapturecapture?: PointerEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:375:6     - Unknown word (gamepadconnected)                        -- 'on:gamepadconnected'?: GamepadEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:376:2     - Unknown word (ongamepadconnected)                      -- ongamepadconnected?: GamepadEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:377:6     - Unknown word (gamepaddisconnected)                     -- 'on:gamepaddisconnected'?: GamepadEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:378:2     - Unknown word (ongamepaddisconnected)                   -- ongamepaddisconnected?: GamepadEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:383:2     - Unknown word (onscrollcapture)                         -- onscrollcapture?: UIEventHandler<T>
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:386:2     - Unknown word (onscrollendcapture)                      -- onscrollendcapture?: UIEventHandler<T>
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:389:2     - Unknown word (onresizecapture)                         -- onresizecapture?: UIEventHandler<T>
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:394:2     - Unknown word (onwheelcapture)                          -- onwheelcapture?: WheelEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:399:2     - Unknown word (onanimationstartcapture)                 -- onanimationstartcapture?: AnimationEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:402:2     - Unknown word (onanimationendcapture)                   -- onanimationendcapture?: AnimationEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:405:2     - Unknown word (onanimationiterationcapture)             -- onanimationiterationcapture?: AnimationEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:410:2     - Unknown word (ontransitionstartcapture)                -- ontransitionstartcapture?: TransitionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:413:2     - Unknown word (ontransitionruncapture)                  -- ontransitionruncapture?: TransitionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:416:2     - Unknown word (ontransitionendcapture)                  -- ontransitionendcapture?: TransitionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:419:2     - Unknown word (ontransitioncancelcapture)               -- ontransitioncancelcapture?: TransitionEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:424:2     - Unknown word (onoutrostartcapture)                     -- onoutrostartcapture?: EventHandler<CustomEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:427:2     - Unknown word (onoutroendcapture)                      -- onoutroendcapture?: EventHandler<CustomEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:430:2     - Unknown word (onintrostartcapture)                    -- onintrostartcapture?: EventHandler<CustomEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:433:2     - Unknown word (onintroendcapture)                      -- onintroendcapture?: EventHandler<CustomEvent
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:438:2     - Unknown word (onmessagecapture)                       -- onmessagecapture?: MessageEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:441:2     - Unknown word (onmessageerrorcapture)                  -- onmessageerrorcapture?: MessageEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:446:2     - Unknown word (onvisibilitychangecapture)              -- onvisibilitychangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:449:6     - Unknown word (beforematch)                            -- 'on:beforematch'?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:450:2     - Unknown word (onbeforematch)                          -- onbeforematch?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:451:2     - Unknown word (onbeforematchcapture)                   -- onbeforematchcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:454:2     - Unknown word (oncancelcapture)                        -- oncancelcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:457:2     - Unknown word (onclosecapture)                         -- onclosecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:460:2     - Unknown word (onfullscreenchangecapture)              -- onfullscreenchangecapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:463:2     - Unknown word (onfullscreenerrorcapture)               -- onfullscreenerrorcapture?: EventHandler<Event
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:469:8     - Unknown word (activedescendant)                       -- 'aria-activedescendant'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:485:62    - Unknown word (treegrid)                               -- in a table, grid, or treegrid.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:486:15    - Unknown word (colindex)                               -- * @see aria-colindex.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:488:8     - Unknown word (colcount)                               -- 'aria-colcount'?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:496:34    - Unknown word (rowspan)                                -- aria-colindex @see aria-rowspan.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:508:15    - Unknown word (labelledby)                             -- * @see aria-labelledby
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:510:8     - Unknown word (describedby)                            -- 'aria-describedby'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:525:8     - Unknown word (dropeffect)                             -- 'aria-dropeffect'?: 'none' | 'copy'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:537:8     - Unknown word (flowto)                                 -- 'aria-flowto'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:544:8     - Unknown word (haspopup)                               -- 'aria-haspopup'?: Booleanish | 'menu
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:556:8     - Unknown word (keyshortcuts)                           -- 'aria-keyshortcuts'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:576:8     - Unknown word (multiselectable)                        -- 'aria-multiselectable'?: Booleanish | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:591:80    - Unknown word (treeitems)                              -- set of listitems or treeitems. Not required if all
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:592:15    - Unknown word (setsize)                                -- * @see aria-setsize.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:594:8     - Unknown word (posinset)                              -- 'aria-posinset'?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:5:20      - Unknown word (Asana)      -- // Definitions by: Asana <https://asana.com>
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:625:8     - Unknown word (roledescription)                       -- 'aria-roledescription'?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:628:15    - Unknown word (rowindex)                              -- * @see aria-rowindex.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:630:8     - Unknown word (rowcount)                              -- 'aria-rowcount'?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:659:15    - Unknown word (valuetext)                             -- * @see aria-valuetext.
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:661:8     - Unknown word (valuenow)                              -- 'aria-valuenow'?: number | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:679:5     - Unknown word (contentinfo)                           -- | 'contentinfo'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:703:5     - Unknown word (menuitemcheckbox)                      -- | 'menuitemcheckbox'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:704:5     - Unknown word (menuitemradio)                         -- | 'menuitemradio'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:70:5      - Unknown word (bday)          -- | 'bday'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:722:5     - Unknown word (spinbutton)                            -- | 'spinbutton'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:745:2     - Unknown word (contenteditable)                       -- contenteditable?: Booleanish | 'inherit
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:749:2     - Unknown word (elementtiming)                         -- elementtiming?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:750:2     - Unknown word (enterkeyhint)                          -- enterkeyhint?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:773:2     - Unknown word (writingsuggestions)                    -- writingsuggestions?: Booleanish | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:784:2     - Unknown word (inlist)                                -- inlist?: any;
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:794:2     - Unknown word (itemprop)                              -- itemprop?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:795:2     - Unknown word (itemscope)                             -- itemscope?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:796:2     - Unknown word (itemtype)                              -- itemtype?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:798:2     - Unknown word (itemref)                               -- itemref?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:808:2     - Unknown word (inputmode)                             -- inputmode?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:875:2     - Unknown word (referrerpolicy)                        -- referrerpolicy?: ReferrerPolicy | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:906:2     - Unknown word (formaction)                            -- formaction?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:907:2     - Unknown word (formenctype)                           -- formenctype?:
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:913:2     - Unknown word (formmethod)                            -- formmethod?: 'dialog' | 'get'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:914:2     - Unknown word (formnovalidate)                        -- formnovalidate?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:915:2     - Unknown word (formtarget)                            -- formtarget?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:919:2     - Unknown word (popovertarget)                         -- popovertarget?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:91:2      - Unknown word (oncopycapture) -- oncopycapture?: ClipboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:920:2     - Unknown word (popovertargetaction)                  -- popovertargetaction?: 'toggle' | 'show'
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:94:2      - Unknown word (oncutcapture)  -- oncutcapture?: ClipboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:975:2     - Unknown word (acceptcharset)                        -- acceptcharset?: string | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:97:2      - Unknown word (onpastecapture) -- onpastecapture?: ClipboardEventHandler
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:986:2     - Unknown word (novalidate)                           -- novalidate?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:998:2     - Unknown word (allowtransparency)                    -- allowtransparency?: boolean | undefined
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:9:20      - Unknown word (Benoit)     -- // Benoit Benezech <https://github
packages/svelte/elements.d.ts:9:27      - Unknown word (Benezech)   -- Benoit Benezech <https://github.com
packages/svelte/messages/compile-errors/options.md:11:3      - Unknown word (Unrecognised) -- > Unrecognised compiler option %keypath
packages/svelte/messages/compile-errors/options.md:9:12      - Unknown word (unrecognised) -- ## options_unrecognised
packages/svelte/messages/compile-errors/template.md:131:32    - Unknown word (autoclosed) -- invalid_closing_tag_autoclosed
packages/svelte/messages/compile-errors/template.md:345:27    - Unknown word (customelement) -- svelte_options_invalid_customelement
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:115:3     - Unknown word (Screenreaders) -- > Screenreaders already announce `<img
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:155:39    - Unknown word (idlist)        -- aria_attribute_type_idlist
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:167:39    - Unknown word (tokenlist)     -- aria_attribute_type_tokenlist
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:43:51     - Unknown word (Autofocusing) -- not used on elements. Autofocusing elements can cause usability
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:451:41    - Unknown word (labeledby)     -- aria attribute 'aria-labeledby' (did you mean 'labelledby
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:465:26    - Unknown word (toooltip)      -- A11y: Unknown role 'toooltip' (did you mean 'tooltip
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/a11y.md:65:121    - Unknown word (screenreader) -- AT compatibility, and screenreader users.
packages/svelte/messages/compile-warnings/misc.md:7:21      - Unknown word (recognised) -- > `%code%` is not a recognised code
packages/svelte/messages/shared-warnings/warnings.md:5:19      - Unknown word (uncloneable) -- ## state_snapshot_uncloneable
packages/svelte/package.json:111:103   - Unknown word (treeshakeability) -- node scripts/check-treeshakeability.js",
packages/svelte/package.json:121:7     - Unknown word (jridgewell)       -- "@jridgewell/trace-mapping": "^0
packages/svelte/package.json:138:7     - Unknown word (ampproject)       -- "@ampproject/remapping": "^2.3.0
packages/svelte/package.json:144:6     - Unknown word (axobject)         -- "axobject-query": "^4.1.0",
packages/svelte/package.json:146:6     - Unknown word (esrap)            -- "esrap": "^1.2.3",
packages/svelte/package.json:150:6     - Unknown word (zimmerframe)      -- "zimmerframe": "^1.1.2"
packages/svelte/scripts/check-treeshakeability.js:21:15     - Unknown word (importee)   -- resolveId(importee) {
packages/svelte/scripts/check-treeshakeability.js:32:3      - Unknown word (onwarn)     -- onwarn: (warning, handle)
packages/svelte/scripts/check-treeshakeability.js:42:20     - Unknown word (errr)       -- throw new Error('errr what');
packages/svelte/scripts/process-messages/index.js:219:10    - Unknown word (quasis)     -- const quasis = [];
packages/svelte/src/action/public.d.ts:14:5      - Unknown word (newprop)    -- * newprop?: string;
packages/svelte/src/action/public.d.ts:69:101    - Unknown word (nonstrict)  -- with both strict and nonstrict mode
packages/svelte/src/compiler/legacy.js:110:9     - Unknown word (pendingblock) -- let pendingblock = {
packages/svelte/src/compiler/legacy.js:120:9     - Unknown word (thenblock)    -- let thenblock = {
packages/svelte/src/compiler/legacy.js:130:9     - Unknown word (catchblock)   -- let catchblock = {
packages/svelte/src/compiler/legacy.js:272:9     - Unknown word (elseblock)    -- let elseblock = undefined;
packages/svelte/src/compiler/migrate/index.js:1808:55   - Unknown word (preceeded)     -- node. If the start is preceeded with white-space-only
packages/svelte/src/compiler/migrate/index.js:602:76    - Unknown word (automigration) -- is not supported for automigration.'
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/read/options.js:136:12    - Unknown word (shadowdom)  -- const shadowdom = shadow?.value;
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/read/options.js:232:162   - Unknown word (EFFFF)      -- -\uFFFD\u{10000}-\u{EFFFF}-]';
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/read/options.js:3:20      - Unknown word (MATHML)     -- import { NAMESPACE_MATHML, NAMESPACE_SVG } from
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/read/style.js:52:34     - Unknown word (Atrule)     -- Array<Css.Rule | Css.Atrule>} */
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/state/element.js:136:36    - Unknown word (shadowroot) -- slot' && !parent_is_shadowroot_template(parser.stack
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1000:3    - Unknown word (subsub)     -- 'subsub;': 10965,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1001:3    - Unknown word (subsup)     -- 'subsup;': 10963,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1002:3    - Unknown word (succeq)     -- 'succeq;': 10928,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1003:3    - Unknown word (supdot)     -- 'supdot;': 10942,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1004:3    - Unknown word (supset)     -- 'supset;': 8835,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1005:3    - Unknown word (supsim)     -- 'supsim;': 10952,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1006:3    - Unknown word (supsub)     -- 'supsub;': 10964,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1007:3    - Unknown word (supsup)     -- 'supsup;': 10966,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1008:3    - Unknown word (swarhk)     -- 'swarhk;': 10534,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1009:3    - Unknown word (swnwar)     -- 'swnwar;': 10538,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:100:3     - Unknown word (circlearrowright)    -- 'circlearrowright;': 8635,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1011:3    - Unknown word (tcaron)     -- 'tcaron;': 357,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1012:3    - Unknown word (tcedil)     -- 'tcedil;': 355,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1013:3    - Unknown word (telrec)     -- 'telrec;': 8981,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1015:3    - Unknown word (thetav)     -- 'thetav;': 977,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1016:3    - Unknown word (thinsp)     -- 'thinsp;': 8201,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1017:3    - Unknown word (thksim)     -- 'thksim;': 8764,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1018:3    - Unknown word (timesb)     -- 'timesb;': 8864,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1019:3    - Unknown word (timesd)     -- 'timesd;': 10800,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:101:3     - Unknown word (downharpoonright)    -- 'downharpoonright;': 8642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1020:3    - Unknown word (topbot)     -- 'topbot;': 9014,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1021:3    - Unknown word (topcir)     -- 'topcir;': 10993,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1022:3    - Unknown word (tprime)     -- 'tprime;': 8244,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1023:3    - Unknown word (tridot)     -- 'tridot;': 9708,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1024:3    - Unknown word (tstrok)     -- 'tstrok;': 359,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1025:3    - Unknown word (uacute)     -- 'uacute;': 250,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1026:3    - Unknown word (ubreve)     -- 'ubreve;': 365,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1027:3    - Unknown word (udblac)     -- 'udblac;': 369,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1028:3    - Unknown word (ufisht)     -- 'ufisht;': 10622,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1029:3    - Unknown word (ugrave)     -- 'ugrave;': 249,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:102:3     - Unknown word (ntrianglerighteq)    -- 'ntrianglerighteq;': 8941,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1030:3    - Unknown word (ulcorn)     -- 'ulcorn;': 8988,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1031:3    - Unknown word (ulcrop)     -- 'ulcrop;': 8975,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1032:3    - Unknown word (urcorn)     -- 'urcorn;': 8989,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1033:3    - Unknown word (urcrop)     -- 'urcrop;': 8974,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1034:3    - Unknown word (utilde)     -- 'utilde;': 361,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1035:3    - Unknown word (vangrt)     -- 'vangrt;': 10652,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1036:3    - Unknown word (varphi)     -- 'varphi;': 981,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1037:3    - Unknown word (varrho)     -- 'varrho;': 1009,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1038:3    - Unknown word (veebar)     -- 'veebar;': 8891,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1039:3    - Unknown word (vellip)     -- 'vellip;': 8942,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:103:3     - Unknown word (rightharpoondown)    -- 'rightharpoondown;': 8641,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1040:3    - Unknown word (verbar)     -- 'verbar;': 124,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1041:3    - Unknown word (vsubn)      -- 'vsubnE;': 10955,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1042:3    - Unknown word (vsubne)     -- 'vsubne;': 8842,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1043:3    - Unknown word (vsupn)      -- 'vsupnE;': 10956,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1044:3    - Unknown word (vsupne)     -- 'vsupne;': 8843,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1045:3    - Unknown word (wedbar)     -- 'wedbar;': 10847,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1046:3    - Unknown word (wedgeq)     -- 'wedgeq;': 8793,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1047:3    - Unknown word (weierp)     -- 'weierp;': 8472,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1049:3    - Unknown word (xoplus)     -- 'xoplus;': 10753,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:104:3     - Unknown word (rightrightarrows)    -- 'rightrightarrows;': 8649,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1050:3    - Unknown word (xotime)     -- 'xotime;': 10754,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1051:3    - Unknown word (xsqcup)     -- 'xsqcup;': 10758,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1052:3    - Unknown word (xuplus)     -- 'xuplus;': 10756,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1053:3    - Unknown word (xwedge)     -- 'xwedge;': 8896,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1054:3    - Unknown word (yacute)     -- 'yacute;': 253,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1055:3    - Unknown word (zacute)     -- 'zacute;': 378,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1056:3    - Unknown word (zcaron)     -- 'zcaron;': 382,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1057:3    - Unknown word (zeetrf)     -- 'zeetrf;': 8488,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1058:4    - Unknown word (Elig)       -- 'AElig;': 198,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:105:3     - Unknown word (twoheadleftarrow)    -- 'twoheadleftarrow;': 8606,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1060:3    - Unknown word (Acirc)      -- 'Acirc;': 194,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1063:3    - Unknown word (Amacr)      -- 'Amacr;': 256,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1064:3    - Unknown word (Aogon)      -- 'Aogon;': 260,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1065:3    - Unknown word (Aring)      -- 'Aring;': 197,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1069:3    - Unknown word (Ccirc)      -- 'Ccirc;': 264,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:106:3     - Unknown word (vartriangleright)    -- 'vartriangleright;': 8883,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1072:3    - Unknown word (Dashv)      -- 'Dashv;': 10980,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1075:3    - Unknown word (Ecirc)      -- 'Ecirc;': 202,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1077:3    - Unknown word (Emacr)      -- 'Emacr;': 274,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1078:3    - Unknown word (Eogon)      -- 'Eogon;': 280,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1081:3    - Unknown word (Gcirc)      -- 'Gcirc;': 284,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1083:3    - Unknown word (Hcirc)      -- 'Hcirc;': 292,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1084:4    - Unknown word (Jlig)       -- 'IJlig;': 306,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1086:3    - Unknown word (Icirc)      -- 'Icirc;': 206,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1088:3    - Unknown word (Imacr)      -- 'Imacr;': 298,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1089:3    - Unknown word (Iogon)      -- 'Iogon;': 302,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1090:3    - Unknown word (Iukcy)      -- 'Iukcy;': 1030,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1091:3    - Unknown word (Jcirc)      -- 'Jcirc;': 308,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1092:3    - Unknown word (Jukcy)      -- 'Jukcy;': 1028,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1097:3    - Unknown word (Ocirc)      -- 'Ocirc;': 212,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1099:3    - Unknown word (Omacr)      -- 'Omacr;': 332,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1105:3    - Unknown word (Scirc)      -- 'Scirc;': 348,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1113:3    - Unknown word (Ubrcy)      -- 'Ubrcy;': 1038,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1114:3    - Unknown word (Ucirc)      -- 'Ucirc;': 219,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1116:3    - Unknown word (Umacr)      -- 'Umacr;': 362,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1118:3    - Unknown word (Uogon)      -- 'Uogon;': 370,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1120:3    - Unknown word (Uring)      -- 'Uring;': 366,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1123:3    - Unknown word (Wcirc)      -- 'Wcirc;': 372,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1126:3    - Unknown word (Ycirc)      -- 'Ycirc;': 374,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1128:3    - Unknown word (acirc)      -- 'acirc;': 226,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1130:3    - Unknown word (aelig)      -- 'aelig;': 230,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1134:3    - Unknown word (amacr)      -- 'amacr;': 257,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1135:3    - Unknown word (amalg)      -- 'amalg;': 10815,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1137:3    - Unknown word (angrt)      -- 'angrt;': 8735,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1139:3    - Unknown word (aogon)      -- 'aogon;': 261,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1140:3    - Unknown word (aring)      -- 'aring;': 229,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1141:3    - Unknown word (asymp)      -- 'asymp;': 8776,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1143:3    - Unknown word (awint)      -- 'awint;': 10769,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1144:3    - Unknown word (bcong)      -- 'bcong;': 8780,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1145:3    - Unknown word (bdquo)      -- 'bdquo;': 8222,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1146:3    - Unknown word (bepsi)      -- 'bepsi;': 1014,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1170:3    - Unknown word (boxd)       -- 'boxdL;': 9557,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1172:3    - Unknown word (boxdl)      -- 'boxdl;': 9488,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1173:3    - Unknown word (boxdr)      -- 'boxdr;': 9484,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1174:3    - Unknown word (boxh)       -- 'boxhD;': 9573,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1176:3    - Unknown word (boxhd)      -- 'boxhd;': 9516,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1177:3    - Unknown word (boxhu)      -- 'boxhu;': 9524,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1178:3    - Unknown word (boxu)       -- 'boxuL;': 9563,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1180:3    - Unknown word (boxul)      -- 'boxul;': 9496,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1181:3    - Unknown word (boxur)      -- 'boxur;': 9492,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1182:3    - Unknown word (boxv)       -- 'boxvH;': 9578,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1185:3    - Unknown word (boxvh)      -- 'boxvh;': 9532,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1186:3    - Unknown word (boxvl)      -- 'boxvl;': 9508,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1187:3    - Unknown word (boxvr)      -- 'boxvr;': 9500,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1190:3    - Unknown word (bsemi)      -- 'bsemi;': 8271,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1191:3    - Unknown word (bsime)      -- 'bsime;': 8909,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1192:3    - Unknown word (bsolb)      -- 'bsolb;': 10693,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1194:3    - Unknown word (bumpe)      -- 'bumpe;': 8783,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1196:3    - Unknown word (caron)      -- 'caron;': 711,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1197:3    - Unknown word (ccaps)      -- 'ccaps;': 10829,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1199:3    - Unknown word (ccirc)      -- 'ccirc;': 265,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1200:3    - Unknown word (ccups)      -- 'ccups;': 10828,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1201:3    - Unknown word (cedil)      -- 'cedil;': 184,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1206:3    - Unknown word (crarr)      -- 'crarr;': 8629,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1208:3    - Unknown word (csube)      -- 'csube;': 10961,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1209:3    - Unknown word (csupe)      -- 'csupe;': 10962,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1210:3    - Unknown word (ctdot)      -- 'ctdot;': 8943,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1211:3    - Unknown word (cuepr)      -- 'cuepr;': 8926,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1212:3    - Unknown word (cuesc)      -- 'cuesc;': 8927,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1213:3    - Unknown word (cupor)      -- 'cupor;': 10821,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1215:3    - Unknown word (cuvee)      -- 'cuvee;': 8910,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1216:3    - Unknown word (cuwed)      -- 'cuwed;': 8911,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1217:3    - Unknown word (cwint)      -- 'cwint;': 8753,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1218:3    - Unknown word (dashv)      -- 'dashv;': 8867,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1219:3    - Unknown word (dblac)      -- 'dblac;': 733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1220:3    - Unknown word (ddarr)      -- 'ddarr;': 8650,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1222:3    - Unknown word (dharl)      -- 'dharl;': 8643,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1223:3    - Unknown word (dharr)      -- 'dharr;': 8642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1224:3    - Unknown word (diams)      -- 'diams;': 9830,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1225:3    - Unknown word (disin)      -- 'disin;': 8946,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1227:3    - Unknown word (doteq)      -- 'doteq;': 8784,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1228:3    - Unknown word (dtdot)      -- 'dtdot;': 8945,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1229:3    - Unknown word (dtrif)      -- 'dtrif;': 9662,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1230:3    - Unknown word (duarr)      -- 'duarr;': 8693,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1231:3    - Unknown word (duhar)      -- 'duhar;': 10607,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1234:3    - Unknown word (ecirc)      -- 'ecirc;': 234,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1237:3    - Unknown word (emacr)      -- 'emacr;': 275,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1239:3    - Unknown word (eogon)      -- 'eogon;': 281,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1240:3    - Unknown word (eplus)      -- 'eplus;': 10865,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1241:3    - Unknown word (epsiv)      -- 'epsiv;': 1013,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1242:3    - Unknown word (eqsim)      -- 'eqsim;': 8770,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1245:3    - Unknown word (erarr)      -- 'erarr;': 10609,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1246:3    - Unknown word (esdot)      -- 'esdot;': 8784,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1248:3    - Unknown word (fflig)      -- 'fflig;': 64256,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1249:3    - Unknown word (filig)      -- 'filig;': 64257,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1250:3    - Unknown word (fjlig)      -- 'fjlig;': 102,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1251:3    - Unknown word (fllig)      -- 'fllig;': 64258,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1252:3    - Unknown word (fltns)      -- 'fltns;': 9649,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1253:3    - Unknown word (forkv)      -- 'forkv;': 10969,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1257:3    - Unknown word (frasl)      -- 'frasl;': 8260,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1260:3    - Unknown word (gcirc)      -- 'gcirc;': 285,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1261:3    - Unknown word (gescc)      -- 'gescc;': 10921,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1263:3    - Unknown word (gneqq)      -- 'gneqq;': 8809,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1264:3    - Unknown word (gnsim)      -- 'gnsim;': 8935,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1266:3    - Unknown word (gsime)      -- 'gsime;': 10894,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1267:3    - Unknown word (gsiml)      -- 'gsiml;': 10896,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1268:3    - Unknown word (gtcir)      -- 'gtcir;': 10874,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1269:3    - Unknown word (gtdot)      -- 'gtdot;': 8919,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:126:3     - Unknown word (bigtriangledown)     -- 'bigtriangledown;': 9661,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1270:3    - Unknown word (harrw)      -- 'harrw;': 8621,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1271:3    - Unknown word (hcirc)      -- 'hcirc;': 293,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1272:3    - Unknown word (hoarr)      -- 'hoarr;': 8703,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1274:3    - Unknown word (icirc)      -- 'icirc;': 238,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1275:3    - Unknown word (iexcl)      -- 'iexcl;': 161,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1277:3    - Unknown word (iiint)      -- 'iiint;': 8749,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1278:3    - Unknown word (iiota)      -- 'iiota;': 8489,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1279:3    - Unknown word (ijlig)      -- 'ijlig;': 307,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:127:3     - Unknown word (circlearrowleft)     -- 'circlearrowleft;': 8634,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1280:3    - Unknown word (imacr)      -- 'imacr;': 299,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1282:3    - Unknown word (imath)      -- 'imath;': 305,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1285:3    - Unknown word (iogon)      -- 'iogon;': 303,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1286:3    - Unknown word (iprod)      -- 'iprod;': 10812,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1288:3    - Unknown word (isin)       -- 'isinE;': 8953,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1289:3    - Unknown word (isins)      -- 'isins;': 8948,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:128:3     - Unknown word (curvearrowright)     -- 'curvearrowright;': 8631,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1290:3    - Unknown word (isinv)      -- 'isinv;': 8712,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1291:3    - Unknown word (iukcy)      -- 'iukcy;': 1110,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1292:3    - Unknown word (jcirc)      -- 'jcirc;': 309,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1293:3    - Unknown word (jmath)      -- 'jmath;': 567,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1294:3    - Unknown word (jukcy)      -- 'jukcy;': 1108,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1296:4    - Unknown word (Aarr)       -- 'lAarr;': 8666,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1298:3    - Unknown word (langd)      -- 'langd;': 10641,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1299:3    - Unknown word (laquo)      -- 'laquo;': 171,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:129:3     - Unknown word (downharpoonleft)     -- 'downharpoonleft;': 8643,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1300:3    - Unknown word (larrb)      -- 'larrb;': 8676,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1301:3    - Unknown word (lates)      -- 'lates;': 10925,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1302:3    - Unknown word (lbarr)      -- 'lbarr;': 10508,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1303:3    - Unknown word (lbbrk)      -- 'lbbrk;': 10098,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1304:3    - Unknown word (lbrke)      -- 'lbrke;': 10635,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1305:3    - Unknown word (lceil)      -- 'lceil;': 8968,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1306:3    - Unknown word (ldquo)      -- 'ldquo;': 8220,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1307:3    - Unknown word (lescc)      -- 'lescc;': 10920,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1308:3    - Unknown word (lhard)      -- 'lhard;': 8637,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1309:3    - Unknown word (lharu)      -- 'lharu;': 8636,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:130:3     - Unknown word (leftharpoondown)     -- 'leftharpoondown;': 8637,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1310:3    - Unknown word (lhblk)      -- 'lhblk;': 9604,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1311:3    - Unknown word (llarr)      -- 'llarr;': 8647,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1312:3    - Unknown word (lltri)      -- 'lltri;': 9722,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1313:3    - Unknown word (lneqq)      -- 'lneqq;': 8808,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1314:3    - Unknown word (lnsim)      -- 'lnsim;': 8934,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1315:3    - Unknown word (loang)      -- 'loang;': 10220,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1316:3    - Unknown word (loarr)      -- 'loarr;': 8701,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1317:3    - Unknown word (lobrk)      -- 'lobrk;': 10214,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1318:3    - Unknown word (lopar)      -- 'lopar;': 10629,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1319:3    - Unknown word (lrarr)      -- 'lrarr;': 8646,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:131:3     - Unknown word (leftrightarrows)     -- 'leftrightarrows;': 8646,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1320:3    - Unknown word (lrhar)      -- 'lrhar;': 8651,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1321:3    - Unknown word (lrtri)      -- 'lrtri;': 8895,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1322:3    - Unknown word (lsime)      -- 'lsime;': 10893,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1323:3    - Unknown word (lsimg)      -- 'lsimg;': 10895,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1324:3    - Unknown word (lsquo)      -- 'lsquo;': 8216,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1325:3    - Unknown word (ltcir)      -- 'ltcir;': 10873,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1326:3    - Unknown word (ltdot)      -- 'ltdot;': 8918,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1327:3    - Unknown word (ltrie)      -- 'ltrie;': 8884,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1328:3    - Unknown word (ltrif)      -- 'ltrif;': 9666,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:132:4     - Unknown word (Leftrightarrow)      -- 'nLeftrightarrow;': 8654,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1334:3    - Unknown word (mumap)      -- 'mumap;': 8888,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1335:3    - Unknown word (nabla)      -- 'nabla;': 8711,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1336:3    - Unknown word (napid)      -- 'napid;': 8779,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1337:3    - Unknown word (napos)      -- 'napos;': 329,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1338:3    - Unknown word (natur)      -- 'natur;': 9838,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1339:3    - Unknown word (nbump)      -- 'nbump;': 8782,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:133:3     - Unknown word (nleftrightarrow)     -- 'nleftrightarrow;': 8622,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1340:3    - Unknown word (ncong)      -- 'ncong;': 8775,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1341:3    - Unknown word (ndash)      -- 'ndash;': 8211,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1343:3    - Unknown word (nearr)      -- 'nearr;': 8599,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1344:3    - Unknown word (nedot)      -- 'nedot;': 8784,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1345:3    - Unknown word (nesim)      -- 'nesim;': 8770,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1346:3    - Unknown word (ngeqq)      -- 'ngeqq;': 8807,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1347:3    - Unknown word (ngsim)      -- 'ngsim;': 8821,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1349:3    - Unknown word (nharr)      -- 'nharr;': 8622,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:134:3     - Unknown word (ntrianglelefteq)     -- 'ntrianglelefteq;': 8940,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1350:3    - Unknown word (nhpar)      -- 'nhpar;': 10994,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1352:3    - Unknown word (nlarr)      -- 'nlarr;': 8602,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1353:3    - Unknown word (nleqq)      -- 'nleqq;': 8806,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1354:3    - Unknown word (nless)      -- 'nless;': 8814,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1355:3    - Unknown word (nlsim)      -- 'nlsim;': 8820,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1356:3    - Unknown word (nltri)      -- 'nltri;': 8938,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1358:3    - Unknown word (notni)      -- 'notni;': 8716,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1359:3    - Unknown word (npart)      -- 'npart;': 8706,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:135:3     - Unknown word (rightleftarrows)     -- 'rightleftarrows;': 8644,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1360:3    - Unknown word (nprec)      -- 'nprec;': 8832,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1362:3    - Unknown word (nrarr)      -- 'nrarr;': 8603,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1363:3    - Unknown word (nrtri)      -- 'nrtri;': 8939,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1364:3    - Unknown word (nsime)      -- 'nsime;': 8772,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1365:3    - Unknown word (nsmid)      -- 'nsmid;': 8740,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1366:3    - Unknown word (nspar)      -- 'nspar;': 8742,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1367:3    - Unknown word (nsub)       -- 'nsubE;': 10949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1368:3    - Unknown word (nsube)      -- 'nsube;': 8840,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1369:3    - Unknown word (nsucc)      -- 'nsucc;': 8833,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:136:3     - Unknown word (rightsquigarrow)     -- 'rightsquigarrow;': 8605,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1370:3    - Unknown word (nsup)       -- 'nsupE;': 10950,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1371:3    - Unknown word (nsupe)      -- 'nsupe;': 8841,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1373:3    - Unknown word (numsp)      -- 'numsp;': 8199,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1374:3    - Unknown word (nvsim)      -- 'nvsim;': 8764,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1376:3    - Unknown word (nwarr)      -- 'nwarr;': 8598,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1378:3    - Unknown word (ocirc)      -- 'ocirc;': 244,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1379:3    - Unknown word (odash)      -- 'odash;': 8861,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:137:3     - Unknown word (rightthreetimes)     -- 'rightthreetimes;': 8908,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1380:3    - Unknown word (oelig)      -- 'oelig;': 339,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1381:3    - Unknown word (ofcir)      -- 'ofcir;': 10687,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1383:3    - Unknown word (ohbar)      -- 'ohbar;': 10677,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1384:3    - Unknown word (olarr)      -- 'olarr;': 8634,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1385:3    - Unknown word (olcir)      -- 'olcir;': 10686,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1386:3    - Unknown word (oline)      -- 'oline;': 8254,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1387:3    - Unknown word (omacr)      -- 'omacr;': 333,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1389:3    - Unknown word (operp)      -- 'operp;': 10681,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:138:3     - Unknown word (straightepsilon)     -- 'straightepsilon;': 1013,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1390:3    - Unknown word (oplus)      -- 'oplus;': 8853,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1391:3    - Unknown word (orarr)      -- 'orarr;': 8635,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1395:3    - Unknown word (ovbar)      -- 'ovbar;': 9021,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1396:3    - Unknown word (parsl)      -- 'parsl;': 11005,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1398:3    - Unknown word (plusb)      -- 'plusb;': 8862,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1399:3    - Unknown word (pluse)      -- 'pluse;': 10866,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:139:3     - Unknown word (trianglerighteq)     -- 'trianglerighteq;': 8885,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1402:3    - Unknown word (prcue)      -- 'prcue;': 8828,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1404:3    - Unknown word (prnap)      -- 'prnap;': 10937,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1405:3    - Unknown word (prsim)      -- 'prsim;': 8830,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1409:3    - Unknown word (radic)      -- 'radic;': 8730,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:140:3     - Unknown word (vartriangleleft)     -- 'vartriangleleft;': 8882,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1410:3    - Unknown word (rangd)      -- 'rangd;': 10642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1412:3    - Unknown word (raquo)      -- 'raquo;': 187,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1413:3    - Unknown word (rarrb)      -- 'rarrb;': 8677,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1414:3    - Unknown word (rarrc)      -- 'rarrc;': 10547,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1415:3    - Unknown word (rarrw)      -- 'rarrw;': 8605,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1417:3    - Unknown word (rbarr)      -- 'rbarr;': 10509,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1418:3    - Unknown word (rbbrk)      -- 'rbbrk;': 10099,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1419:3    - Unknown word (rbrke)      -- 'rbrke;': 10636,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1420:3    - Unknown word (rceil)      -- 'rceil;': 8969,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1421:3    - Unknown word (rdquo)      -- 'rdquo;': 8221,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1423:3    - Unknown word (rhard)      -- 'rhard;': 8641,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1424:3    - Unknown word (rharu)      -- 'rharu;': 8640,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1425:3    - Unknown word (rlarr)      -- 'rlarr;': 8644,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1426:3    - Unknown word (rlhar)      -- 'rlhar;': 8652,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1427:3    - Unknown word (rnmid)      -- 'rnmid;': 10990,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1428:3    - Unknown word (roang)      -- 'roang;': 10221,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1429:3    - Unknown word (roarr)      -- 'roarr;': 8702,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1430:3    - Unknown word (robrk)      -- 'robrk;': 10215,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1431:3    - Unknown word (ropar)      -- 'ropar;': 10630,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1432:3    - Unknown word (rrarr)      -- 'rrarr;': 8649,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1433:3    - Unknown word (rsquo)      -- 'rsquo;': 8217,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1434:3    - Unknown word (rtrie)      -- 'rtrie;': 8885,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1435:3    - Unknown word (rtrif)      -- 'rtrif;': 9656,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1436:3    - Unknown word (sbquo)      -- 'sbquo;': 8218,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1437:3    - Unknown word (sccue)      -- 'sccue;': 8829,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1438:3    - Unknown word (scirc)      -- 'scirc;': 349,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1439:3    - Unknown word (scnap)      -- 'scnap;': 10938,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1440:3    - Unknown word (scsim)      -- 'scsim;': 8831,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1441:3    - Unknown word (sdotb)      -- 'sdotb;': 8865,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1442:3    - Unknown word (sdote)      -- 'sdote;': 10854,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1444:3    - Unknown word (searr)      -- 'searr;': 8600,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1445:3    - Unknown word (setmn)      -- 'setmn;': 8726,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1448:3    - Unknown word (simeq)      -- 'simeq;': 8771,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1449:3    - Unknown word (simg)       -- 'simgE;': 10912,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1450:3    - Unknown word (siml)       -- 'simlE;': 10911,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1451:3    - Unknown word (simne)      -- 'simne;': 8774,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1452:3    - Unknown word (slarr)      -- 'slarr;': 8592,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1454:3    - Unknown word (smtes)      -- 'smtes;': 10924,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1455:3    - Unknown word (sqcap)      -- 'sqcap;': 8851,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1456:3    - Unknown word (sqcup)      -- 'sqcup;': 8852,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1457:3    - Unknown word (sqsub)      -- 'sqsub;': 8847,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1458:3    - Unknown word (sqsup)      -- 'sqsup;': 8848,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1459:3    - Unknown word (srarr)      -- 'srarr;': 8594,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1460:3    - Unknown word (starf)      -- 'starf;': 9733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1461:3    - Unknown word (strns)      -- 'strns;': 175,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1462:3    - Unknown word (subn)       -- 'subnE;': 10955,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1463:3    - Unknown word (subne)      -- 'subne;': 8842,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1464:3    - Unknown word (supn)       -- 'supnE;': 10956,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1465:3    - Unknown word (supne)      -- 'supne;': 8843,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1467:3    - Unknown word (swarr)      -- 'swarr;': 8601,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1468:3    - Unknown word (szlig)      -- 'szlig;': 223,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1470:3    - Unknown word (thkap)      -- 'thkap;': 8776,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1475:3    - Unknown word (trisb)      -- 'trisb;': 10701,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1476:3    - Unknown word (tshcy)      -- 'tshcy;': 1115,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1479:3    - Unknown word (ubrcy)      -- 'ubrcy;': 1118,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1480:3    - Unknown word (ucirc)      -- 'ucirc;': 251,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1481:3    - Unknown word (udarr)      -- 'udarr;': 8645,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1482:3    - Unknown word (udhar)      -- 'udhar;': 10606,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1484:3    - Unknown word (uharl)      -- 'uharl;': 8639,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1485:3    - Unknown word (uharr)      -- 'uharr;': 8638,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1486:3    - Unknown word (uhblk)      -- 'uhblk;': 9600,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1487:3    - Unknown word (ultri)      -- 'ultri;': 9720,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1488:3    - Unknown word (umacr)      -- 'umacr;': 363,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1489:3    - Unknown word (uogon)      -- 'uogon;': 371,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1490:3    - Unknown word (uplus)      -- 'uplus;': 8846,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1491:3    - Unknown word (upsih)      -- 'upsih;': 978,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1492:3    - Unknown word (uring)      -- 'uring;': 367,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1493:3    - Unknown word (urtri)      -- 'urtri;': 9721,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1494:3    - Unknown word (utdot)      -- 'utdot;': 8944,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1495:3    - Unknown word (utrif)      -- 'utrif;': 9652,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1496:3    - Unknown word (uuarr)      -- 'uuarr;': 8648,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1497:4    - Unknown word (Barv)       -- 'vBarv;': 10985,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1499:3    - Unknown word (varpi)      -- 'varpi;': 982,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1500:3    - Unknown word (vdash)      -- 'vdash;': 8866,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1501:3    - Unknown word (veeeq)      -- 'veeeq;': 8794,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1502:3    - Unknown word (vltri)      -- 'vltri;': 8882,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1503:3    - Unknown word (vnsub)      -- 'vnsub;': 8834,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1504:3    - Unknown word (vnsup)      -- 'vnsup;': 8835,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1505:3    - Unknown word (vprop)      -- 'vprop;': 8733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1506:3    - Unknown word (vrtri)      -- 'vrtri;': 8883,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1507:3    - Unknown word (wcirc)      -- 'wcirc;': 373,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1509:3    - Unknown word (xcirc)      -- 'xcirc;': 9711,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1510:3    - Unknown word (xdtri)      -- 'xdtri;': 9661,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1512:3    - Unknown word (xharr)      -- 'xharr;': 10231,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1514:3    - Unknown word (xlarr)      -- 'xlarr;': 10229,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1515:3    - Unknown word (xodot)      -- 'xodot;': 10752,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1517:3    - Unknown word (xrarr)      -- 'xrarr;': 10230,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1518:3    - Unknown word (xutri)      -- 'xutri;': 9651,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1520:3    - Unknown word (ycirc)      -- 'ycirc;': 375,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1523:3    - Unknown word (Aopf)       -- 'Aopf;': 120120,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1525:3    - Unknown word (Ascr)       -- 'Ascr;': 119964,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1526:3    - Unknown word (Auml)       -- 'Auml;': 196,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1529:3    - Unknown word (Bopf)       -- 'Bopf;': 120121,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1530:3    - Unknown word (Bscr)       -- 'Bscr;': 8492,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1533:3    - Unknown word (Cdot)       -- 'Cdot;': 266,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1534:3    - Unknown word (Copf)       -- 'Copf;': 8450,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1535:3    - Unknown word (Cscr)       -- 'Cscr;': 119966,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1539:3    - Unknown word (Darr)       -- 'Darr;': 8609,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:153:3     - Unknown word (Longrightarrow)      -- 'Longrightarrow;': 10233,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1540:3    - Unknown word (Dopf)       -- 'Dopf;': 120123,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1541:3    - Unknown word (Dscr)       -- 'Dscr;': 119967,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1543:3    - Unknown word (Edot)       -- 'Edot;': 278,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1544:3    - Unknown word (Eopf)       -- 'Eopf;': 120124,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1545:3    - Unknown word (Escr)       -- 'Escr;': 8496,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1546:3    - Unknown word (Esim)       -- 'Esim;': 10867,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1547:3    - Unknown word (Euml)       -- 'Euml;': 203,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1548:3    - Unknown word (Fopf)       -- 'Fopf;': 120125,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1549:3    - Unknown word (Fscr)       -- 'Fscr;': 8497,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1551:3    - Unknown word (Gdot)       -- 'Gdot;': 288,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1552:3    - Unknown word (Gopf)       -- 'Gopf;': 120126,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1553:3    - Unknown word (Gscr)       -- 'Gscr;': 119970,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1554:3    - Unknown word (Hopf)       -- 'Hopf;': 8461,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1555:3    - Unknown word (Hscr)       -- 'Hscr;': 8459,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1559:3    - Unknown word (Idot)       -- 'Idot;': 304,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1560:3    - Unknown word (Iopf)       -- 'Iopf;': 120128,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1562:3    - Unknown word (Iscr)       -- 'Iscr;': 8464,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1563:3    - Unknown word (Iuml)       -- 'Iuml;': 207,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1564:3    - Unknown word (Jopf)       -- 'Jopf;': 120129,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1565:3    - Unknown word (Jscr)       -- 'Jscr;': 119973,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1568:3    - Unknown word (Kopf)       -- 'Kopf;': 120130,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1569:3    - Unknown word (Kscr)       -- 'Kscr;': 119974,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1572:3    - Unknown word (Larr)       -- 'Larr;': 8606,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1573:3    - Unknown word (Lopf)       -- 'Lopf;': 120131,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1574:3    - Unknown word (Lscr)       -- 'Lscr;': 8466,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1575:3    - Unknown word (Mopf)       -- 'Mopf;': 120132,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1576:3    - Unknown word (Mscr)       -- 'Mscr;': 8499,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1578:3    - Unknown word (Nopf)       -- 'Nopf;': 8469,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1579:3    - Unknown word (Nscr)       -- 'Nscr;': 119977,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1581:3    - Unknown word (Oopf)       -- 'Oopf;': 120134,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1582:3    - Unknown word (Oscr)       -- 'Oscr;': 119978,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1583:3    - Unknown word (Ouml)       -- 'Ouml;': 214,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1584:3    - Unknown word (Popf)       -- 'Popf;': 8473,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1585:3    - Unknown word (Pscr)       -- 'Pscr;': 119979,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1587:3    - Unknown word (Qopf)       -- 'Qopf;': 8474,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1588:3    - Unknown word (Qscr)       -- 'Qscr;': 119980,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1590:3    - Unknown word (Rarr)       -- 'Rarr;': 8608,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1591:3    - Unknown word (Ropf)       -- 'Ropf;': 8477,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1592:3    - Unknown word (Rscr)       -- 'Rscr;': 8475,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1594:3    - Unknown word (Sopf)       -- 'Sopf;': 120138,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1596:3    - Unknown word (Sscr)       -- 'Sscr;': 119982,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1600:3    - Unknown word (Topf)       -- 'Topf;': 120139,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1601:3    - Unknown word (Tscr)       -- 'Tscr;': 119983,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1602:3    - Unknown word (Uarr)       -- 'Uarr;': 8607,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1604:3    - Unknown word (Uopf)       -- 'Uopf;': 120140,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1605:3    - Unknown word (Upsi)       -- 'Upsi;': 978,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1606:3    - Unknown word (Uscr)       -- 'Uscr;': 119984,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1607:3    - Unknown word (Uuml)       -- 'Uuml;': 220,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1608:3    - Unknown word (Vbar)       -- 'Vbar;': 10987,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1610:3    - Unknown word (Vopf)       -- 'Vopf;': 120141,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1611:3    - Unknown word (Vscr)       -- 'Vscr;': 119985,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1612:3    - Unknown word (Wopf)       -- 'Wopf;': 120142,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1613:3    - Unknown word (Wscr)       -- 'Wscr;': 119986,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1614:3    - Unknown word (Xopf)       -- 'Xopf;': 120143,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1615:3    - Unknown word (Xscr)       -- 'Xscr;': 119987,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1619:3    - Unknown word (Yopf)       -- 'Yopf;': 120144,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1620:3    - Unknown word (Yscr)       -- 'Yscr;': 119988,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1621:3    - Unknown word (Yuml)       -- 'Yuml;': 376,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1623:3    - Unknown word (Zdot)       -- 'Zdot;': 379,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1625:3    - Unknown word (Zopf)       -- 'Zopf;': 8484,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1626:3    - Unknown word (Zscr)       -- 'Zscr;': 119989,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1630:3    - Unknown word (andd)       -- 'andd;': 10844,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1631:3    - Unknown word (andv)       -- 'andv;': 10842,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1632:3    - Unknown word (ange)       -- 'ange;': 10660,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1633:3    - Unknown word (aopf)       -- 'aopf;': 120146,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1634:3    - Unknown word (apid)       -- 'apid;': 8779,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1635:3    - Unknown word (apos)       -- 'apos;': 39,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1637:3    - Unknown word (ascr)       -- 'ascr;': 119990,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1638:3    - Unknown word (auml)       -- 'auml;': 228,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1640:3    - Unknown word (bbrk)       -- 'bbrk;': 9141,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1643:3    - Unknown word (bnot)       -- 'bnot;': 8976,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1644:3    - Unknown word (bopf)       -- 'bopf;': 120147,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1649:3    - Unknown word (bscr)       -- 'bscr;': 119991,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1650:3    - Unknown word (bsim)       -- 'bsim;': 8765,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1655:3    - Unknown word (cdot)       -- 'cdot;': 267,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1658:3    - Unknown word (chcy)       -- 'chcy;': 1095,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1664:3    - Unknown word (copf)       -- 'copf;': 120148,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1666:3    - Unknown word (cscr)       -- 'cscr;': 119992,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1667:3    - Unknown word (csub)       -- 'csub;': 10959,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1668:3    - Unknown word (csup)       -- 'csup;': 10960,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1672:3    - Unknown word (darr)       -- 'darr;': 8595,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1675:3    - Unknown word (djcy)       -- 'djcy;': 1106,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1676:3    - Unknown word (dopf)       -- 'dopf;': 120149,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1677:3    - Unknown word (dscr)       -- 'dscr;': 119993,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1678:3    - Unknown word (dscy)       -- 'dscy;': 1109,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1679:3    - Unknown word (dsol)       -- 'dsol;': 10742,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1680:3    - Unknown word (dtri)       -- 'dtri;': 9663,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1681:3    - Unknown word (dzcy)       -- 'dzcy;': 1119,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1683:3    - Unknown word (ecir)       -- 'ecir;': 8790,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1685:3    - Unknown word (edot)       -- 'edot;': 279,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1687:3    - Unknown word (ensp)       -- 'ensp;': 8194,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1688:3    - Unknown word (eopf)       -- 'eopf;': 120150,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1689:3    - Unknown word (epar)       -- 'epar;': 8917,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1690:3    - Unknown word (epsi)       -- 'epsi;': 949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1691:3    - Unknown word (escr)       -- 'escr;': 8495,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1692:3    - Unknown word (esim)       -- 'esim;': 8770,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1693:3    - Unknown word (euml)       -- 'euml;': 235,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1697:3    - Unknown word (fnof)       -- 'fnof;': 402,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1698:3    - Unknown word (fopf)       -- 'fopf;': 120151,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1700:3    - Unknown word (fscr)       -- 'fscr;': 119995,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1701:3    - Unknown word (gdot)       -- 'gdot;': 289,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1702:3    - Unknown word (geqq)       -- 'geqq;': 8807,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1703:3    - Unknown word (gesl)       -- 'gesl;': 8923,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1704:3    - Unknown word (gjcy)       -- 'gjcy;': 1107,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1705:3    - Unknown word (gnap)       -- 'gnap;': 10890,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1706:3    - Unknown word (gneq)       -- 'gneq;': 10888,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1707:3    - Unknown word (gopf)       -- 'gopf;': 120152,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1708:3    - Unknown word (gscr)       -- 'gscr;': 8458,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1709:3    - Unknown word (gsim)       -- 'gsim;': 8819,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:170:3     - Unknown word (curvearrowleft)      -- 'curvearrowleft;': 8630,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1710:3    - Unknown word (gtcc)       -- 'gtcc;': 10919,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1714:3    - Unknown word (harr)       -- 'harr;': 8596,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1716:3    - Unknown word (hopf)       -- 'hopf;': 120153,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1717:3    - Unknown word (hscr)       -- 'hscr;': 119997,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1719:3    - Unknown word (iecy)       -- 'iecy;': 1077,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:171:3     - Unknown word (doublebarwedge)      -- 'doublebarwedge;': 8966,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1721:3    - Unknown word (imof)       -- 'imof;': 8887,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1722:3    - Unknown word (iocy)       -- 'iocy;': 1105,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1723:3    - Unknown word (iopf)       -- 'iopf;': 120154,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1725:3    - Unknown word (iscr)       -- 'iscr;': 119998,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1727:3    - Unknown word (iuml)       -- 'iuml;': 239,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1728:3    - Unknown word (jopf)       -- 'jopf;': 120155,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1729:3    - Unknown word (jscr)       -- 'jscr;': 119999,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:172:3     - Unknown word (downdownarrows)      -- 'downdownarrows;': 8650,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1730:3    - Unknown word (khcy)       -- 'khcy;': 1093,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1731:3    - Unknown word (kjcy)       -- 'kjcy;': 1116,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1732:3    - Unknown word (kopf)       -- 'kopf;': 120156,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1733:3    - Unknown word (kscr)       -- 'kscr;': 120000,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1738:3    - Unknown word (larr)       -- 'larr;': 8592,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:173:3     - Unknown word (hookrightarrow)      -- 'hookrightarrow;': 8618,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1740:3    - Unknown word (lcub)       -- 'lcub;': 123,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1741:3    - Unknown word (ldca)       -- 'ldca;': 10550,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1742:3    - Unknown word (ldsh)       -- 'ldsh;': 8626,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1743:3    - Unknown word (leqq)       -- 'leqq;': 8806,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1744:3    - Unknown word (lesg)       -- 'lesg;': 8922,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1745:3    - Unknown word (ljcy)       -- 'ljcy;': 1113,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1746:3    - Unknown word (lnap)       -- 'lnap;': 10889,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1747:3    - Unknown word (lneq)       -- 'lneq;': 10887,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1748:3    - Unknown word (lopf)       -- 'lopf;': 120157,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1749:3    - Unknown word (lozf)       -- 'lozf;': 10731,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:174:3     - Unknown word (leftleftarrows)      -- 'leftleftarrows;': 8647,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1751:3    - Unknown word (lscr)       -- 'lscr;': 120001,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1752:3    - Unknown word (lsim)       -- 'lsim;': 8818,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1753:3    - Unknown word (lsqb)       -- 'lsqb;': 91,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1754:3    - Unknown word (ltcc)       -- 'ltcc;': 10918,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1755:3    - Unknown word (ltri)       -- 'ltri;': 9667,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1757:3    - Unknown word (macr)       -- 'macr;': 175,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:175:3     - Unknown word (leftrightarrow)      -- 'leftrightarrow;': 8596,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1761:3    - Unknown word (mlcp)       -- 'mlcp;': 10971,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1762:3    - Unknown word (mldr)       -- 'mldr;': 8230,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1763:3    - Unknown word (mopf)       -- 'mopf;': 120158,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1764:3    - Unknown word (mscr)       -- 'mscr;': 120002,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1767:3    - Unknown word (nang)       -- 'nang;': 8736,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:176:3     - Unknown word (leftthreetimes)      -- 'leftthreetimes;': 8907,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1770:3    - Unknown word (ncap)       -- 'ncap;': 10819,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1771:3    - Unknown word (ncup)       -- 'ncup;': 10818,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1772:3    - Unknown word (ngeq)       -- 'ngeq;': 8817,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1773:3    - Unknown word (nges)       -- 'nges;': 10878,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1774:3    - Unknown word (ngtr)       -- 'ngtr;': 8815,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1775:3    - Unknown word (nisd)       -- 'nisd;': 8954,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1776:3    - Unknown word (njcy)       -- 'njcy;': 1114,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1777:3    - Unknown word (nldr)       -- 'nldr;': 8229,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1778:3    - Unknown word (nleq)       -- 'nleq;': 8816,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1779:3    - Unknown word (nles)       -- 'nles;': 10877,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:177:3     - Unknown word (longrightarrow)      -- 'longrightarrow;': 10230,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1780:3    - Unknown word (nmid)       -- 'nmid;': 8740,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1781:3    - Unknown word (nopf)       -- 'nopf;': 120159,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1782:3    - Unknown word (npar)       -- 'npar;': 8742,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1783:3    - Unknown word (npre)       -- 'npre;': 10927,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1784:3    - Unknown word (nsce)       -- 'nsce;': 10928,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1785:3    - Unknown word (nscr)       -- 'nscr;': 120003,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1786:3    - Unknown word (nsim)       -- 'nsim;': 8769,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1789:3    - Unknown word (ntgl)       -- 'ntgl;': 8825,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:178:3     - Unknown word (looparrowright)      -- 'looparrowright;': 8620,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1790:3    - Unknown word (ntlg)       -- 'ntlg;': 8824,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1791:3    - Unknown word (nvap)       -- 'nvap;': 8781,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1792:3    - Unknown word (nvge)       -- 'nvge;': 8805,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1793:3    - Unknown word (nvgt)       -- 'nvgt;': 62,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1794:3    - Unknown word (nvle)       -- 'nvle;': 8804,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1795:3    - Unknown word (nvlt)       -- 'nvlt;': 60,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1797:3    - Unknown word (ocir)       -- 'ocir;': 8858,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1799:3    - Unknown word (odiv)       -- 'odiv;': 10808,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:179:3     - Unknown word (nshortparallel)      -- 'nshortparallel;': 8742,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1800:3    - Unknown word (odot)       -- 'odot;': 8857,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1801:3    - Unknown word (ogon)       -- 'ogon;': 731,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1802:3    - Unknown word (oint)       -- 'oint;': 8750,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1803:3    - Unknown word (omid)       -- 'omid;': 10678,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1804:3    - Unknown word (oopf)       -- 'oopf;': 120160,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1805:3    - Unknown word (opar)       -- 'opar;': 10679,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1806:3    - Unknown word (ordf)       -- 'ordf;': 170,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1807:3    - Unknown word (ordm)       -- 'ordm;': 186,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1808:3    - Unknown word (oror)       -- 'oror;': 10838,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1809:3    - Unknown word (oscr)       -- 'oscr;': 8500,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:180:3     - Unknown word (ntriangleright)      -- 'ntriangleright;': 8939,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1810:3    - Unknown word (osol)       -- 'osol;': 8856,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1811:3    - Unknown word (ouml)       -- 'ouml;': 246,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1815:3    - Unknown word (phiv)       -- 'phiv;': 981,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1817:3    - Unknown word (popf)       -- 'popf;': 120161,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1819:3    - Unknown word (prap)       -- 'prap;': 10935,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:181:3     - Unknown word (rightarrowtail)      -- 'rightarrowtail;': 8611,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1820:3    - Unknown word (prec)       -- 'prec;': 8826,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1824:3    - Unknown word (pscr)       -- 'pscr;': 120005,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1825:3    - Unknown word (qint)       -- 'qint;': 10764,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1826:3    - Unknown word (qopf)       -- 'qopf;': 120162,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1827:3    - Unknown word (qscr)       -- 'qscr;': 120006,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:182:3     - Unknown word (rightharpoonup)      -- 'rightharpoonup;': 8640,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1834:3    - Unknown word (rarr)       -- 'rarr;': 8594,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1835:3    - Unknown word (rcub)       -- 'rcub;': 125,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1836:3    - Unknown word (rdca)       -- 'rdca;': 10551,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1837:3    - Unknown word (rdsh)       -- 'rdsh;': 8627,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:183:3     - Unknown word (trianglelefteq)      -- 'trianglelefteq;': 8884,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1840:3    - Unknown word (rhov)       -- 'rhov;': 1009,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1842:3    - Unknown word (ropf)       -- 'ropf;': 120163,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1844:3    - Unknown word (rscr)       -- 'rscr;': 120007,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1845:3    - Unknown word (rsqb)       -- 'rsqb;': 93,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1846:3    - Unknown word (rtri)       -- 'rtri;': 9657,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1847:3    - Unknown word (scap)       -- 'scap;': 10936,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1849:3    - Unknown word (sdot)       -- 'sdot;': 8901,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:184:3     - Unknown word (upharpoonright)      -- 'upharpoonright;': 8638,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1853:3    - Unknown word (shcy)       -- 'shcy;': 1096,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1854:3    - Unknown word (sime)       -- 'sime;': 8771,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1857:3    - Unknown word (smid)       -- 'smid;': 8739,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1858:3    - Unknown word (smte)       -- 'smte;': 10924,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1859:3    - Unknown word (solb)       -- 'solb;': 10692,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1860:3    - Unknown word (sopf)       -- 'sopf;': 120164,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1862:3    - Unknown word (squf)       -- 'squf;': 9642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1863:3    - Unknown word (sscr)       -- 'sscr;': 120008,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1866:3    - Unknown word (sube)       -- 'sube;': 8838,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1867:3    - Unknown word (succ)       -- 'succ;': 8827,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1875:3    - Unknown word (tbrk)       -- 'tbrk;': 9140,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1876:3    - Unknown word (tdot)       -- 'tdot;': 8411,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1881:3    - Unknown word (topf)       -- 'topf;': 120165,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1882:3    - Unknown word (tosa)       -- 'tosa;': 10537,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1884:3    - Unknown word (tscr)       -- 'tscr;': 120009,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1885:3    - Unknown word (tscy)       -- 'tscy;': 1094,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1888:3    - Unknown word (uarr)       -- 'uarr;': 8593,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1890:3    - Unknown word (uopf)       -- 'uopf;': 120166,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1891:3    - Unknown word (upsi)       -- 'upsi;': 965,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1892:3    - Unknown word (uscr)       -- 'uscr;': 120010,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1893:3    - Unknown word (utri)       -- 'utri;': 9653,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1894:3    - Unknown word (uuml)       -- 'uuml;': 252,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1897:3    - Unknown word (varr)       -- 'varr;': 8597,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1899:3    - Unknown word (vopf)       -- 'vopf;': 120167,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1900:3    - Unknown word (vscr)       -- 'vscr;': 120011,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1901:3    - Unknown word (wopf)       -- 'wopf;': 120168,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1902:3    - Unknown word (wscr)       -- 'wscr;': 120012,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1903:3    - Unknown word (xcap)       -- 'xcap;': 8898,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1904:3    - Unknown word (xcup)       -- 'xcup;': 8899,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1905:3    - Unknown word (xmap)       -- 'xmap;': 10236,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1906:3    - Unknown word (xnis)       -- 'xnis;': 8955,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1907:3    - Unknown word (xopf)       -- 'xopf;': 120169,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1908:3    - Unknown word (xscr)       -- 'xscr;': 120013,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1909:3    - Unknown word (xvee)       -- 'xvee;': 8897,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1910:3    - Unknown word (yacy)       -- 'yacy;': 1103,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1911:3    - Unknown word (yicy)       -- 'yicy;': 1111,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1912:3    - Unknown word (yopf)       -- 'yopf;': 120170,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1913:3    - Unknown word (yscr)       -- 'yscr;': 120014,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1914:3    - Unknown word (yucy)       -- 'yucy;': 1102,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1915:3    - Unknown word (yuml)       -- 'yuml;': 255,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1916:3    - Unknown word (zdot)       -- 'zdot;': 380,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1918:3    - Unknown word (zhcy)       -- 'zhcy;': 1078,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1919:3    - Unknown word (zopf)       -- 'zopf;': 120171,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1920:3    - Unknown word (zscr)       -- 'zscr;': 120015,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:1921:3    - Unknown word (zwnj)       -- 'zwnj;': 8204,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:193:3     - Unknown word (Longleftarrow)       -- 'Longleftarrow;': 10232,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:197:3     - Unknown word (Poincareplane)       -- 'Poincareplane;': 8460,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:210:3     - Unknown word (bigtriangleup)       -- 'bigtriangleup;': 9651,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:211:3     - Unknown word (blacktriangle)       -- 'blacktriangle;': 9652,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:212:3     - Unknown word (divideontimes)       -- 'divideontimes;': 8903,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:213:3     - Unknown word (fallingdotseq)       -- 'fallingdotseq;': 8786,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:214:3     - Unknown word (hookleftarrow)       -- 'hookleftarrow;': 8617,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:215:3     - Unknown word (leftarrowtail)       -- 'leftarrowtail;': 8610,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:216:3     - Unknown word (leftharpoonup)      -- 'leftharpoonup;': 8636,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:217:3     - Unknown word (longleftarrow)      -- 'longleftarrow;': 10229,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:218:3     - Unknown word (looparrowleft)      -- 'looparrowleft;': 8619,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:219:3     - Unknown word (measuredangle)      -- 'measuredangle;': 8737,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:220:3     - Unknown word (ntriangleleft)      -- 'ntriangleleft;': 8938,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:221:3     - Unknown word (shortparallel)      -- 'shortparallel;': 8741,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:222:3     - Unknown word (smallsetminus)      -- 'smallsetminus;': 8726,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:223:3     - Unknown word (triangleright)      -- 'triangleright;': 9657,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:224:3     - Unknown word (upharpoonleft)      -- 'upharpoonleft;': 8639,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:225:3     - Unknown word (varsubsetneqq)      -- 'varsubsetneqq;': 10955,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:226:3     - Unknown word (varsupsetneqq)      -- 'varsupsetneqq;': 10956,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:250:3     - Unknown word (blacklozenge)       -- 'blacklozenge;': 10731,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:251:3     - Unknown word (exponentiale)       -- 'exponentiale;': 8519,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:252:3     - Unknown word (risingdotseq)       -- 'risingdotseq;': 8787,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:253:3     - Unknown word (triangledown)       -- 'triangledown;': 9663,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:254:3     - Unknown word (triangleleft)       -- 'triangleleft;': 9667,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:255:3     - Unknown word (varsubsetneq)       -- 'varsubsetneq;': 8842,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:256:3     - Unknown word (varsupsetneq)       -- 'varsupsetneq;': 8843,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:270:3     - Unknown word (Rrightarrow)        -- 'Rrightarrow;': 8667,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:276:3     - Unknown word (Updownarrow)        -- 'Updownarrow;': 8661,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:278:3     - Unknown word (backepsilon)        -- 'backepsilon;': 1014,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:279:3     - Unknown word (blacksquare)        -- 'blacksquare;': 9642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:280:3     - Unknown word (circledcirc)        -- 'circledcirc;': 8858,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:281:3     - Unknown word (circleddash)        -- 'circleddash;': 8861,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:282:3     - Unknown word (curlyeqprec)        -- 'curlyeqprec;': 8926,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:283:3     - Unknown word (curlyeqsucc)        -- 'curlyeqsucc;': 8927,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:284:3     - Unknown word (diamondsuit)        -- 'diamondsuit;': 9830,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:285:3     - Unknown word (eqslantless)        -- 'eqslantless;': 10901,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:287:4     - Unknown word (Rightarrow)         -- 'nRightarrow;': 8655,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:288:3     - Unknown word (nrightarrow)        -- 'nrightarrow;': 8603,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:289:3     - Unknown word (preccurlyeq)        -- 'preccurlyeq;': 8828,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:290:3     - Unknown word (precnapprox)        -- 'precnapprox;': 10937,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:292:3     - Unknown word (straightphi)        -- 'straightphi;': 981,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:293:3     - Unknown word (succcurlyeq)        -- 'succcurlyeq;': 8829,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:294:3     - Unknown word (succnapprox)        -- 'succnapprox;': 10938,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:295:3     - Unknown word (thickapprox)        -- 'thickapprox;': 8776,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:296:3     - Unknown word (updownarrow)        -- 'updownarrow;': 8597,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:297:3     - Unknown word (Bernoullis)         -- 'Bernoullis;': 8492,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:300:3     - Unknown word (Fouriertrf)         -- 'Fouriertrf;': 8497,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:302:3     - Unknown word (Laplacetrf)         -- 'Laplacetrf;': 8466,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:304:3     - Unknown word (Lleftarrow)         -- 'Lleftarrow;': 8666,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:317:3     - Unknown word (circledast)         -- 'circledast;': 8859,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:319:3     - Unknown word (curlywedge)         -- 'curlywedge;': 8911,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:320:3     - Unknown word (eqslantgtr)         -- 'eqslantgtr;': 10902,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:321:3     - Unknown word (gtreqqless)         -- 'gtreqqless;': 10892,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:322:3     - Unknown word (lessapprox)         -- 'lessapprox;': 10885,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:323:3     - Unknown word (lesseqqgtr)         -- 'lesseqqgtr;': 10891,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:324:3     - Unknown word (lmoustache)         -- 'lmoustache;': 9136,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:325:3     - Unknown word (longmapsto)         -- 'longmapsto;': 10236,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:326:3     - Unknown word (mapstodown)         -- 'mapstodown;': 8615,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:327:3     - Unknown word (mapstoleft)         -- 'mapstoleft;': 8612,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:328:4     - Unknown word (Leftarrow)          -- 'nLeftarrow;': 8653,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:329:3     - Unknown word (nleftarrow)         -- 'nleftarrow;': 8602,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:330:3     - Unknown word (nsubseteqq)         -- 'nsubseteqq;': 10949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:331:3     - Unknown word (nsupseteqq)         -- 'nsupseteqq;': 10950,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:332:3     - Unknown word (precapprox)         -- 'precapprox;': 10935,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:333:3     - Unknown word (rightarrow)         -- 'rightarrow;': 8594,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:334:3     - Unknown word (rmoustache)        -- 'rmoustache;': 9137,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:335:3     - Unknown word (sqsubseteq)        -- 'sqsubseteq;': 8849,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:336:3     - Unknown word (sqsupseteq)        -- 'sqsupseteq;': 8850,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:337:3     - Unknown word (subsetneqq)        -- 'subsetneqq;': 10955,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:338:3     - Unknown word (succapprox)        -- 'succapprox;': 10936,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:339:3     - Unknown word (supsetneqq)        -- 'supsetneqq;': 10956,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:340:3     - Unknown word (upuparrows)        -- 'upuparrows;': 8648,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:341:3     - Unknown word (varepsilon)        -- 'varepsilon;': 1013,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:342:3     - Unknown word (varnothing)        -- 'varnothing;': 8709,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:347:3     - Unknown word (Coproduct)         -- 'Coproduct;': 8720,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:351:3     - Unknown word (Downarrow)         -- 'Downarrow;': 8659,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:357:3     - Unknown word (Mellintrf)         -- 'Mellintrf;': 8499,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:35:3      - Unknown word (leftrightsquigarrow) -- 'leftrightsquigarrow;': 8621,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:368:3     - Unknown word (backprime)         -- 'backprime;': 8245,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:369:3     - Unknown word (backsimeq)         -- 'backsimeq;': 8909,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:370:3     - Unknown word (bigotimes)         -- 'bigotimes;': 10754,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:371:3     - Unknown word (centerdot)         -- 'centerdot;': 183,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:372:3     - Unknown word (checkmark)         -- 'checkmark;': 10003,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:374:3     - Unknown word (dotsquare)         -- 'dotsquare;': 8865,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:375:3     - Unknown word (downarrow)         -- 'downarrow;': 8595,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:376:3     - Unknown word (gtrapprox)         -- 'gtrapprox;': 10886,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:377:3     - Unknown word (gtreqless)         -- 'gtreqless;': 8923,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:378:3     - Unknown word (gvertneqq)         -- 'gvertneqq;': 8809,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:379:3     - Unknown word (heartsuit)         -- 'heartsuit;': 9829,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:380:3     - Unknown word (leftarrow)         -- 'leftarrow;': 8592,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:381:3     - Unknown word (lesseqgtr)         -- 'lesseqgtr;': 8922,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:382:3     - Unknown word (lvertneqq)         -- 'lvertneqq;': 8808,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:383:3     - Unknown word (ngeqslant)         -- 'ngeqslant;': 10878,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:384:3     - Unknown word (nleqslant)         -- 'nleqslant;': 10877,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:385:3     - Unknown word (nparallel)         -- 'nparallel;': 8742,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:386:3     - Unknown word (nshortmid)         -- 'nshortmid;': 8740,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:387:3     - Unknown word (nsubseteq)         -- 'nsubseteq;': 8840,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:388:3     - Unknown word (nsupseteq)         -- 'nsupseteq;': 8841,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:391:3     - Unknown word (spadesuit)         -- 'spadesuit;': 9824,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:392:3     - Unknown word (subseteqq)         -- 'subseteqq;': 10949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:393:3     - Unknown word (subsetneq)         -- 'subsetneq;': 8842,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:394:3     - Unknown word (supseteqq)         -- 'supseteqq;': 10950,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:395:3     - Unknown word (supsetneq)         -- 'supsetneq;': 8843,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:397:3     - Unknown word (triangleq)         -- 'triangleq;': 8796,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:398:3     - Unknown word (varpropto)         -- 'varpropto;': 8733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:399:4     - Unknown word (Dotrahd)           -- 'DDotrahd;': 10513,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:39:3      - Unknown word (Longleftrightarrow)  -- 'Longleftrightarrow;': 10234,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:411:3     - Unknown word (Uarrocir)          -- 'Uarrocir;': 10569,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:413:3     - Unknown word (andslope)          -- 'andslope;': 10840,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:414:3     - Unknown word (angmsdaa)          -- 'angmsdaa;': 10664,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:415:3     - Unknown word (angmsdab)          -- 'angmsdab;': 10665,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:416:3     - Unknown word (angmsdac)          -- 'angmsdac;': 10666,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:417:3     - Unknown word (angmsdad)          -- 'angmsdad;': 10667,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:418:3     - Unknown word (angmsdae)          -- 'angmsdae;': 10668,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:419:3     - Unknown word (angmsdaf)          -- 'angmsdaf;': 10669,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:420:3     - Unknown word (angmsdag)          -- 'angmsdag;': 10670,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:421:3     - Unknown word (angmsdah)          -- 'angmsdah;': 10671,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:422:3     - Unknown word (angrtvbd)          -- 'angrtvbd;': 10653,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:423:3     - Unknown word (approxeq)          -- 'approxeq;': 8778,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:424:3     - Unknown word (awconint)          -- 'awconint;': 8755,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:425:3     - Unknown word (backcong)          -- 'backcong;': 8780,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:426:3     - Unknown word (barwedge)          -- 'barwedge;': 8965,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:427:3     - Unknown word (bbrktbrk)          -- 'bbrktbrk;': 9142,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:428:3     - Unknown word (bigoplus)          -- 'bigoplus;': 10753,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:429:3     - Unknown word (bigsqcup)          -- 'bigsqcup;': 10758,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:430:3     - Unknown word (biguplus)          -- 'biguplus;': 10756,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:431:3     - Unknown word (bigwedge)          -- 'bigwedge;': 8896,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:432:3     - Unknown word (boxminus)         -- 'boxminus;': 8863,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:433:3     - Unknown word (boxtimes)         -- 'boxtimes;': 8864,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:434:3     - Unknown word (bsolhsub)         -- 'bsolhsub;': 10184,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:435:3     - Unknown word (capbrcup)         -- 'capbrcup;': 10825,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:438:3     - Unknown word (cirfnint)         -- 'cirfnint;': 10768,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:439:3     - Unknown word (clubsuit)         -- 'clubsuit;': 9827,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:440:3     - Unknown word (cupbrcap)         -- 'cupbrcap;': 10824,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:441:3     - Unknown word (curlyvee)         -- 'curlyvee;': 8910,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:442:3     - Unknown word (cwconint)         -- 'cwconint;': 8754,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:443:3     - Unknown word (doteqdot)         -- 'doteqdot;': 8785,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:444:3     - Unknown word (dotminus)         -- 'dotminus;': 8760,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:445:3     - Unknown word (drbkarow)         -- 'drbkarow;': 10512,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:446:3     - Unknown word (dzigrarr)         -- 'dzigrarr;': 10239,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:447:3     - Unknown word (elinters)         -- 'elinters;': 9191,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:448:3     - Unknown word (emptyset)         -- 'emptyset;': 8709,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:449:3     - Unknown word (eqvparsl)         -- 'eqvparsl;': 10725,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:450:3     - Unknown word (fpartint)         -- 'fpartint;': 10765,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:451:3     - Unknown word (geqslant)         -- 'geqslant;': 10878,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:452:3     - Unknown word (gesdotol)         -- 'gesdotol;': 10884,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:453:3     - Unknown word (gnapprox)         -- 'gnapprox;': 10890,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:454:3     - Unknown word (hksearow)         -- 'hksearow;': 10533,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:455:3     - Unknown word (hkswarow)         -- 'hkswarow;': 10534,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:456:3     - Unknown word (imagline)         -- 'imagline;': 8464,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:457:3     - Unknown word (imagpart)         -- 'imagpart;': 8465,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:458:3     - Unknown word (infintie)         -- 'infintie;': 10717,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:460:3     - Unknown word (intercal)         -- 'intercal;': 8890,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:461:3     - Unknown word (intlarhk)         -- 'intlarhk;': 10775,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:462:3     - Unknown word (laemptyv)         -- 'laemptyv;': 10676,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:463:3     - Unknown word (ldrushar)         -- 'ldrushar;': 10571,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:464:3     - Unknown word (leqslant)         -- 'leqslant;': 10877,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:465:3     - Unknown word (lesdotor)         -- 'lesdotor;': 10883,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:466:3     - Unknown word (llcorner)         -- 'llcorner;': 8990,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:467:3     - Unknown word (lnapprox)         -- 'lnapprox;': 10889,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:468:3     - Unknown word (lrcorner)         -- 'lrcorner;': 8991,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:469:3     - Unknown word (lurdshar)         -- 'lurdshar;': 10570,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:470:3     - Unknown word (mapstoup)         -- 'mapstoup;': 8613,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:471:3     - Unknown word (multimap)         -- 'multimap;': 8888,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:473:3     - Unknown word (ncongdot)         -- 'ncongdot;': 10861,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:474:3     - Unknown word (notindot)         -- 'notindot;': 8949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:475:3     - Unknown word (otimesas)         -- 'otimesas;': 10806,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:477:3     - Unknown word (plusacir)         -- 'plusacir;': 10787,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:478:3     - Unknown word (pointint)         -- 'pointint;': 10773,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:479:3     - Unknown word (precneqq)         -- 'precneqq;': 10933,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:480:3     - Unknown word (precnsim)         -- 'precnsim;': 8936,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:481:3     - Unknown word (profalar)         -- 'profalar;': 9006,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:482:3     - Unknown word (profline)         -- 'profline;': 8978,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:483:3     - Unknown word (profsurf)         -- 'profsurf;': 8979,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:484:3     - Unknown word (raemptyv)         -- 'raemptyv;': 10675,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:485:3     - Unknown word (realpart)         -- 'realpart;': 8476,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:486:3     - Unknown word (rppolint)         -- 'rppolint;': 10770,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:487:3     - Unknown word (rtriltri)         -- 'rtriltri;': 10702,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:488:3     - Unknown word (scpolint)         -- 'scpolint;': 10771,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:489:3     - Unknown word (setminus)         -- 'setminus;': 8726,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:490:3     - Unknown word (shortmid)         -- 'shortmid;': 8739,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:491:3     - Unknown word (smeparsl)         -- 'smeparsl;': 10724,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:492:3     - Unknown word (sqsubset)         -- 'sqsubset;': 8847,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:493:3     - Unknown word (sqsupset)         -- 'sqsupset;': 8848,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:494:3     - Unknown word (subseteq)         -- 'subseteq;': 8838,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:495:3     - Unknown word (succneqq)         -- 'succneqq;': 10934,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:496:3     - Unknown word (succnsim)         -- 'succnsim;': 8937,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:497:3     - Unknown word (supseteq)         -- 'supseteq;': 8839,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:498:3     - Unknown word (thetasym)         -- 'thetasym;': 977,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:499:3     - Unknown word (thicksim)         -- 'thicksim;': 8764,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:500:3     - Unknown word (timesbar)         -- 'timesbar;': 10801,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:502:3     - Unknown word (triminus)         -- 'triminus;': 10810,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:503:3     - Unknown word (trpezium)        -- 'trpezium;': 9186,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:504:3     - Unknown word (ulcorner)        -- 'ulcorner;': 8988,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:505:3     - Unknown word (urcorner)        -- 'urcorner;': 8989,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:506:3     - Unknown word (varkappa)        -- 'varkappa;': 1008,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:507:3     - Unknown word (varsigma)        -- 'varsigma;': 962,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:508:3     - Unknown word (vartheta)        -- 'vartheta;': 977,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:50:3      - Unknown word (blacktriangleright)  -- 'blacktriangleright;': 9656,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:510:3     - Unknown word (Cayleys)         -- 'Cayleys;': 8493,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:511:3     - Unknown word (Cconint)         -- 'Cconint;': 8752,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:51:3      - Unknown word (longleftrightarrow)  -- 'longleftrightarrow;': 10231,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:526:3     - Unknown word (Uparrow)         -- 'Uparrow;': 8657,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:528:3     - Unknown word (alefsym)         -- 'alefsym;': 8501,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:529:3     - Unknown word (angrtvb)         -- 'angrtvb;': 8894,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:530:3     - Unknown word (angzarr)         -- 'angzarr;': 9084,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:531:3     - Unknown word (asympeq)         -- 'asympeq;': 8781,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:532:3     - Unknown word (backsim)         -- 'backsim;': 8765,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:534:3     - Unknown word (bemptyv)         -- 'bemptyv;': 10672,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:536:3     - Unknown word (bigcirc)         -- 'bigcirc;': 9711,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:537:3     - Unknown word (bigodot)         -- 'bigodot;': 10752,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:538:3     - Unknown word (bigstar)         -- 'bigstar;': 9733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:539:3     - Unknown word (bnequiv)         -- 'bnequiv;': 8801,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:540:3     - Unknown word (boxplus)         -- 'boxplus;': 8862,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:541:3     - Unknown word (ccupssm)         -- 'ccupssm;': 10832,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:542:3     - Unknown word (cemptyv)         -- 'cemptyv;': 10674,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:543:3     - Unknown word (cirscir)         -- 'cirscir;': 10690,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:544:3     - Unknown word (coloneq)         -- 'coloneq;': 8788,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:545:3     - Unknown word (congdot)         -- 'congdot;': 10861,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:546:3     - Unknown word (cudarrl)         -- 'cudarrl;': 10552,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:547:3     - Unknown word (cudarrr)         -- 'cudarrr;': 10549,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:548:3     - Unknown word (cularrp)         -- 'cularrp;': 10557,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:549:3     - Unknown word (curarrm)         -- 'curarrm;': 10556,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:550:3     - Unknown word (dbkarow)         -- 'dbkarow;': 10511,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:551:3     - Unknown word (ddagger)         -- 'ddagger;': 8225,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:552:3     - Unknown word (ddotseq)         -- 'ddotseq;': 10871,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:553:3     - Unknown word (demptyv)         -- 'demptyv;': 10673,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:556:3     - Unknown word (dotplus)         -- 'dotplus;': 8724,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:557:3     - Unknown word (dwangle)         -- 'dwangle;': 10662,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:559:3     - Unknown word (eqcolon)         -- 'eqcolon;': 8789,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:561:3     - Unknown word (gesdoto)         -- 'gesdoto;': 10882,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:562:3     - Unknown word (gtquest)         -- 'gtquest;': 10876,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:563:3     - Unknown word (gtrless)         -- 'gtrless;': 8823,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:564:3     - Unknown word (harrcir)         -- 'harrcir;': 10568,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:565:3     - Unknown word (intprod)         -- 'intprod;': 10812,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:566:3     - Unknown word (isindot)         -- 'isindot;': 8949,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:567:3     - Unknown word (larrbfs)         -- 'larrbfs;': 10527,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:568:3     - Unknown word (larrsim)         -- 'larrsim;': 10611,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:569:3     - Unknown word (lbrksld)         -- 'lbrksld;': 10639,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:570:3     - Unknown word (lbrkslu)         -- 'lbrkslu;': 10637,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:571:3     - Unknown word (ldrdhar)         -- 'ldrdhar;': 10599,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:572:3     - Unknown word (lesdoto)         -- 'lesdoto;': 10881,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:573:3     - Unknown word (lessdot)         -- 'lessdot;': 8918,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:574:3     - Unknown word (lessgtr)         -- 'lessgtr;': 8822,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:575:3     - Unknown word (lesssim)         -- 'lesssim;': 8818,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:576:3     - Unknown word (lotimes)         -- 'lotimes;': 10804,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:578:3     - Unknown word (ltquest)         -- 'ltquest;': 10875,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:579:3     - Unknown word (luruhar)         -- 'luruhar;': 10598,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:581:3     - Unknown word (minusdu)         -- 'minusdu;': 10794,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:582:3     - Unknown word (napprox)         -- 'napprox;': 8777,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:584:3     - Unknown word (nearrow)         -- 'nearrow;': 8599,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:585:3     - Unknown word (nexists)         -- 'nexists;': 8708,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:586:3     - Unknown word (notinva)         -- 'notinva;': 8713,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:587:3     - Unknown word (notinvb)         -- 'notinvb;': 8951,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:588:3     - Unknown word (notinvc)         -- 'notinvc;': 8950,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:589:3     - Unknown word (notniva)         -- 'notniva;': 8716,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:590:3     - Unknown word (notnivb)         -- 'notnivb;': 8958,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:591:3     - Unknown word (notnivc)         -- 'notnivc;': 8957,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:592:3     - Unknown word (npolint)         -- 'npolint;': 10772,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:593:3     - Unknown word (npreceq)         -- 'npreceq;': 10927,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:594:3     - Unknown word (nsqsube)         -- 'nsqsube;': 8930,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:595:3     - Unknown word (nsqsupe)         -- 'nsqsupe;': 8931,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:596:3     - Unknown word (nsubset)         -- 'nsubset;': 8834,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:597:3     - Unknown word (nsucceq)        -- 'nsucceq;': 10928,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:598:3     - Unknown word (nsupset)        -- 'nsupset;': 8835,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:599:3     - Unknown word (nvinfin)        -- 'nvinfin;': 10718,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:600:3     - Unknown word (nvltrie)        -- 'nvltrie;': 8884,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:601:3     - Unknown word (nvrtrie)        -- 'nvrtrie;': 8885,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:602:3     - Unknown word (nwarrow)        -- 'nwarrow;': 8598,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:603:3     - Unknown word (olcross)        -- 'olcross;': 10683,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:605:3     - Unknown word (orderof)        -- 'orderof;': 8500,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:606:3     - Unknown word (orslope)        -- 'orslope;': 10839,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:607:3     - Unknown word (pertenk)        -- 'pertenk;': 8241,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:608:3     - Unknown word (planckh)        -- 'planckh;': 8462,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:609:3     - Unknown word (pluscir)        -- 'pluscir;': 10786,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:610:3     - Unknown word (plussim)        -- 'plussim;': 10790,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:611:3     - Unknown word (plustwo)        -- 'plustwo;': 10791,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:612:3     - Unknown word (precsim)        -- 'precsim;': 8830,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:613:3     - Unknown word (quatint)        -- 'quatint;': 10774,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:614:3     - Unknown word (questeq)        -- 'questeq;': 8799,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:615:3     - Unknown word (rarrbfs)        -- 'rarrbfs;': 10528,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:616:3     - Unknown word (rarrsim)        -- 'rarrsim;': 10612,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:617:3     - Unknown word (rbrksld)        -- 'rbrksld;': 10638,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:618:3     - Unknown word (rbrkslu)        -- 'rbrkslu;': 10640,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:619:3     - Unknown word (rdldhar)        -- 'rdldhar;': 10601,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:620:3     - Unknown word (realine)        -- 'realine;': 8475,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:621:3     - Unknown word (rotimes)        -- 'rotimes;': 10805,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:622:3     - Unknown word (ruluhar)        -- 'ruluhar;': 10600,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:623:3     - Unknown word (searrow)        -- 'searrow;': 8600,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:624:3     - Unknown word (simplus)        -- 'simplus;': 10788,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:625:3     - Unknown word (simrarr)        -- 'simrarr;': 10610,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:626:3     - Unknown word (subedot)        -- 'subedot;': 10947,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:627:3     - Unknown word (submult)        -- 'submult;': 10945,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:628:3     - Unknown word (subplus)        -- 'subplus;': 10943,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:629:3     - Unknown word (subrarr)        -- 'subrarr;': 10617,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:630:3     - Unknown word (succsim)        -- 'succsim;': 8831,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:631:3     - Unknown word (supdsub)        -- 'supdsub;': 10968,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:632:3     - Unknown word (supedot)        -- 'supedot;': 10948,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:633:3     - Unknown word (suphsol)        -- 'suphsol;': 10185,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:634:3     - Unknown word (suphsub)        -- 'suphsub;': 10967,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:635:3     - Unknown word (suplarr)        -- 'suplarr;': 10619,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:636:3     - Unknown word (supmult)        -- 'supmult;': 10946,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:637:3     - Unknown word (supplus)        -- 'supplus;': 10944,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:638:3     - Unknown word (swarrow)        -- 'swarrow;': 8601,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:639:3     - Unknown word (topfork)        -- 'topfork;': 10970,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:640:3     - Unknown word (triplus)        -- 'triplus;': 10809,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:641:3     - Unknown word (tritime)        -- 'tritime;': 10811,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:642:3     - Unknown word (uparrow)        -- 'uparrow;': 8593,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:644:3     - Unknown word (uwangle)        -- 'uwangle;': 10663,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:645:3     - Unknown word (vzigzag)        -- 'vzigzag;': 10650,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:646:3     - Unknown word (zigrarr)        -- 'zigrarr;': 8669,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:647:3     - Unknown word (Aacute)         -- 'Aacute;': 193,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:648:3     - Unknown word (Abreve)         -- 'Abreve;': 258,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:649:3     - Unknown word (Agrave)         -- 'Agrave;': 192,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:651:3     - Unknown word (Atilde)         -- 'Atilde;': 195,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:652:3     - Unknown word (Barwed)         -- 'Barwed;': 8966,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:653:3     - Unknown word (Bumpeq)         -- 'Bumpeq;': 8782,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:654:3     - Unknown word (Cacute)         -- 'Cacute;': 262,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:655:3     - Unknown word (Ccaron)         -- 'Ccaron;': 268,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:656:3     - Unknown word (Ccedil)         -- 'Ccedil;': 199,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:658:3     - Unknown word (Conint)         -- 'Conint;': 8751,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:661:3     - Unknown word (Dcaron)         -- 'Dcaron;': 270,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:663:3     - Unknown word (Dstrok)         -- 'Dstrok;': 272,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:664:3     - Unknown word (Eacute)         -- 'Eacute;': 201,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:665:3     - Unknown word (Ecaron)         -- 'Ecaron;': 282,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:666:3     - Unknown word (Egrave)         -- 'Egrave;': 200,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:669:3     - Unknown word (Gammad)         -- 'Gammad;': 988,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:670:3     - Unknown word (Gbreve)         -- 'Gbreve;': 286,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:671:3     - Unknown word (Gcedil)         -- 'Gcedil;': 290,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:673:3     - Unknown word (Hstrok)         -- 'Hstrok;': 294,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:674:3     - Unknown word (Iacute)         -- 'Iacute;': 205,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:675:3     - Unknown word (Igrave)         -- 'Igrave;': 204,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:676:3     - Unknown word (Itilde)         -- 'Itilde;': 296,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:677:3     - Unknown word (Jsercy)         -- 'Jsercy;': 1032,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:678:3     - Unknown word (Kcedil)         -- 'Kcedil;': 310,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:679:3     - Unknown word (Lacute)         -- 'Lacute;': 313,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:681:3     - Unknown word (Lcaron)         -- 'Lcaron;': 317,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:682:3     - Unknown word (Lcedil)        -- 'Lcedil;': 315,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:683:3     - Unknown word (Lmidot)        -- 'Lmidot;': 319,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:684:3     - Unknown word (Lstrok)        -- 'Lstrok;': 321,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:685:3     - Unknown word (Nacute)        -- 'Nacute;': 323,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:686:3     - Unknown word (Ncaron)        -- 'Ncaron;': 327,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:687:3     - Unknown word (Ncedil)        -- 'Ncedil;': 325,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:688:3     - Unknown word (Ntilde)        -- 'Ntilde;': 209,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:689:3     - Unknown word (Oacute)        -- 'Oacute;': 211,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:690:3     - Unknown word (Odblac)        -- 'Odblac;': 336,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:691:3     - Unknown word (Ograve)        -- 'Ograve;': 210,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:692:3     - Unknown word (Oslash)        -- 'Oslash;': 216,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:693:3     - Unknown word (Otilde)        -- 'Otilde;': 213,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:694:3     - Unknown word (Otimes)        -- 'Otimes;': 10807,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:695:3     - Unknown word (Racute)        -- 'Racute;': 340,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:696:3     - Unknown word (Rarrtl)        -- 'Rarrtl;': 10518,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:697:3     - Unknown word (Rcaron)        -- 'Rcaron;': 344,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:698:3     - Unknown word (Rcedil)        -- 'Rcedil;': 342,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:701:3     - Unknown word (Sacute)        -- 'Sacute;': 346,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:702:3     - Unknown word (Scaron)        -- 'Scaron;': 352,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:703:3     - Unknown word (Scedil)        -- 'Scedil;': 350,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:706:3     - Unknown word (Supset)        -- 'Supset;': 8913,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:707:3     - Unknown word (Tcaron)        -- 'Tcaron;': 356,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:708:3     - Unknown word (Tcedil)        -- 'Tcedil;': 354,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:709:3     - Unknown word (Tstrok)        -- 'Tstrok;': 358,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:710:3     - Unknown word (Uacute)        -- 'Uacute;': 218,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:711:3     - Unknown word (Ubreve)        -- 'Ubreve;': 364,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:712:3     - Unknown word (Udblac)        -- 'Udblac;': 368,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:713:3     - Unknown word (Ugrave)        -- 'Ugrave;': 217,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:714:3     - Unknown word (Utilde)        -- 'Utilde;': 360,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:715:3     - Unknown word (Vdashl)        -- 'Vdashl;': 10982,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:716:3     - Unknown word (Verbar)        -- 'Verbar;': 8214,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:717:3     - Unknown word (Vvdash)        -- 'Vvdash;': 8874,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:718:3     - Unknown word (Yacute)        -- 'Yacute;': 221,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:719:3     - Unknown word (Zacute)        -- 'Zacute;': 377,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:720:3     - Unknown word (Zcaron)        -- 'Zcaron;': 381,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:721:3     - Unknown word (aacute)        -- 'aacute;': 225,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:722:3     - Unknown word (abreve)        -- 'abreve;': 259,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:723:3     - Unknown word (agrave)        -- 'agrave;': 224,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:724:3     - Unknown word (andand)        -- 'andand;': 10837,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:725:3     - Unknown word (angmsd)        -- 'angmsd;': 8737,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:726:3     - Unknown word (angsph)        -- 'angsph;': 8738,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:727:3     - Unknown word (apacir)        -- 'apacir;': 10863,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:729:3     - Unknown word (atilde)        -- 'atilde;': 227,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:730:3     - Unknown word (barvee)        -- 'barvee;': 8893,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:731:3     - Unknown word (barwed)        -- 'barwed;': 8965,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:732:3     - Unknown word (becaus)        -- 'becaus;': 8757,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:733:3     - Unknown word (bernou)        -- 'bernou;': 8492,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:734:3     - Unknown word (bigcap)        -- 'bigcap;': 8898,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:735:3     - Unknown word (bigcup)        -- 'bigcup;': 8899,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:736:3     - Unknown word (bigvee)        -- 'bigvee;': 8897,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:737:3     - Unknown word (bkarow)        -- 'bkarow;': 10509,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:739:3     - Unknown word (bowtie)        -- 'bowtie;': 8904,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:73:3      - Unknown word (blacktriangledown)   -- 'blacktriangledown;': 9662,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:740:3     - Unknown word (boxbox)        -- 'boxbox;': 10697,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:741:3     - Unknown word (bprime)        -- 'bprime;': 8245,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:742:3     - Unknown word (brvbar)        -- 'brvbar;': 166,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:744:3     - Unknown word (bumpeq)        -- 'bumpeq;': 8783,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:745:3     - Unknown word (cacute)        -- 'cacute;': 263,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:746:3     - Unknown word (capand)        -- 'capand;': 10820,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:747:3     - Unknown word (capcap)        -- 'capcap;': 10827,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:748:3     - Unknown word (capcup)        -- 'capcup;': 10823,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:749:3     - Unknown word (capdot)        -- 'capdot;': 10816,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:74:3      - Unknown word (blacktriangleleft)   -- 'blacktriangleleft;': 9666,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:750:3     - Unknown word (ccaron)        -- 'ccaron;': 269,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:751:3     - Unknown word (ccedil)        -- 'ccedil;': 231,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:752:3     - Unknown word (circeq)        -- 'circeq;': 8791,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:753:3     - Unknown word (cirmid)        -- 'cirmid;': 10991,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:755:3     - Unknown word (commat)        -- 'commat;': 64,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:756:3     - Unknown word (compfn)        -- 'compfn;': 8728,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:757:3     - Unknown word (conint)        -- 'conint;': 8750,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:758:3     - Unknown word (coprod)        -- 'coprod;': 8720,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:759:3     - Unknown word (copysr)        -- 'copysr;': 8471,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:75:3      - Unknown word (leftrightharpoons)   -- 'leftrightharpoons;': 8651,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:760:3     - Unknown word (cularr)        -- 'cularr;': 8630,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:761:3     - Unknown word (cupcap)        -- 'cupcap;': 10822,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:762:3     - Unknown word (cupcup)        -- 'cupcup;': 10826,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:763:3     - Unknown word (cupdot)        -- 'cupdot;': 8845,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:764:3     - Unknown word (curarr)        -- 'curarr;': 8631,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:765:3     - Unknown word (curren)        -- 'curren;': 164,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:766:3     - Unknown word (cylcty)        -- 'cylcty;': 9005,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:769:3     - Unknown word (dcaron)        -- 'dcaron;': 271,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:76:3      - Unknown word (rightleftharpoons)   -- 'rightleftharpoons;': 8652,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:770:3     - Unknown word (dfisht)        -- 'dfisht;': 10623,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:772:3     - Unknown word (divonx)        -- 'divonx;': 8903,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:773:3     - Unknown word (dlcorn)       -- 'dlcorn;': 8990,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:774:3     - Unknown word (dlcrop)       -- 'dlcrop;': 8973,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:776:3     - Unknown word (drcorn)       -- 'drcorn;': 8991,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:777:3     - Unknown word (drcrop)       -- 'drcrop;': 8972,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:778:3     - Unknown word (dstrok)       -- 'dstrok;': 273,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:779:3     - Unknown word (eacute)       -- 'eacute;': 233,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:77:3      - Unknown word (twoheadrightarrow)   -- 'twoheadrightarrow;': 8608,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:781:3     - Unknown word (ecaron)       -- 'ecaron;': 283,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:782:3     - Unknown word (ecolon)       -- 'ecolon;': 8789,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:783:3     - Unknown word (egrave)       -- 'egrave;': 232,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:784:3     - Unknown word (egsdot)       -- 'egsdot;': 10904,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:785:3     - Unknown word (elsdot)       -- 'elsdot;': 10903,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:786:3     - Unknown word (emptyv)       -- 'emptyv;': 8709,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:787:3     - Unknown word (emsp)         -- 'emsp13;': 8196,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:789:3     - Unknown word (eparsl)       -- 'eparsl;': 10723,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:790:3     - Unknown word (eqcirc)       -- 'eqcirc;': 8790,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:792:3     - Unknown word (equest)       -- 'equest;': 8799,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:794:3     - Unknown word (ffilig)       -- 'ffilig;': 64259,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:795:3     - Unknown word (ffllig)       -- 'ffllig;': 64260,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:796:3     - Unknown word (forall)       -- 'forall;': 8704,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:812:3     - Unknown word (gacute)       -- 'gacute;': 501,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:813:3     - Unknown word (gammad)       -- 'gammad;': 989,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:814:3     - Unknown word (gbreve)       -- 'gbreve;': 287,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:815:3     - Unknown word (gesdot)       -- 'gesdot;': 10880,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:816:3     - Unknown word (gesles)       -- 'gesles;': 10900,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:818:3     - Unknown word (gtrarr)       -- 'gtrarr;': 10616,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:819:3     - Unknown word (gtrdot)       -- 'gtrdot;': 8919,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:820:3     - Unknown word (gtrsim)       -- 'gtrsim;': 8819,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:821:3     - Unknown word (hairsp)       -- 'hairsp;': 8202,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:822:3     - Unknown word (hamilt)       -- 'hamilt;': 8459,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:823:3     - Unknown word (hardcy)       -- 'hardcy;': 1098,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:825:3     - Unknown word (hellip)       -- 'hellip;': 8230,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:826:3     - Unknown word (hercon)       -- 'hercon;': 8889,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:827:3     - Unknown word (homtht)       -- 'homtht;': 8763,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:828:3     - Unknown word (horbar)       -- 'horbar;': 8213,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:829:3     - Unknown word (hslash)       -- 'hslash;': 8463,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:830:3     - Unknown word (hstrok)       -- 'hstrok;': 295,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:831:3     - Unknown word (hybull)       -- 'hybull;': 8259,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:833:3     - Unknown word (iacute)       -- 'iacute;': 237,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:834:3     - Unknown word (igrave)       -- 'igrave;': 236,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:835:3     - Unknown word (iiiint)       -- 'iiiint;': 10764,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:836:3     - Unknown word (iinfin)       -- 'iinfin;': 10716,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:837:3     - Unknown word (incare)       -- 'incare;': 8453,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:838:3     - Unknown word (inodot)       -- 'inodot;': 305,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:839:3     - Unknown word (intcal)       -- 'intcal;': 8890,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:840:3     - Unknown word (iquest)       -- 'iquest;': 191,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:841:3     - Unknown word (isinsv)       -- 'isinsv;': 8947,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:842:3     - Unknown word (itilde)       -- 'itilde;': 297,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:843:3     - Unknown word (jsercy)       -- 'jsercy;': 1112,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:844:3     - Unknown word (kappav)       -- 'kappav;': 1008,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:845:3     - Unknown word (kcedil)       -- 'kcedil;': 311,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:846:3     - Unknown word (kgreen)       -- 'kgreen;': 312,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:847:4     - Unknown word (Atail)        -- 'lAtail;': 10523,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:848:3     - Unknown word (lacute)       -- 'lacute;': 314,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:849:3     - Unknown word (lagran)       -- 'lagran;': 8466,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:851:3     - Unknown word (langle)       -- 'langle;': 10216,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:852:3     - Unknown word (larrfs)       -- 'larrfs;': 10525,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:853:3     - Unknown word (larrhk)       -- 'larrhk;': 8617,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:854:3     - Unknown word (larrlp)       -- 'larrlp;': 8619,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:855:3     - Unknown word (larrpl)       -- 'larrpl;': 10553,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:856:3     - Unknown word (larrtl)       -- 'larrtl;': 8610,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:857:3     - Unknown word (latail)       -- 'latail;': 10521,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:859:3     - Unknown word (lbrack)       -- 'lbrack;': 91,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:860:3     - Unknown word (lcaron)       -- 'lcaron;': 318,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:861:3     - Unknown word (lcedil)       -- 'lcedil;': 316,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:862:3     - Unknown word (ldquor)       -- 'ldquor;': 8222,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:863:3     - Unknown word (lesdot)       -- 'lesdot;': 10879,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:864:3     - Unknown word (lesges)       -- 'lesges;': 10899,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:865:3     - Unknown word (lfisht)       -- 'lfisht;': 10620,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:866:3     - Unknown word (lfloor)       -- 'lfloor;': 8970,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:867:3     - Unknown word (lharul)       -- 'lharul;': 10602,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:868:3     - Unknown word (llhard)       -- 'llhard;': 10603,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:869:3     - Unknown word (lmidot)       -- 'lmidot;': 320,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:870:3     - Unknown word (lmoust)       -- 'lmoust;': 9136,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:871:3     - Unknown word (loplus)       -- 'loplus;': 10797,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:872:3     - Unknown word (lowast)       -- 'lowast;': 8727,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:873:3     - Unknown word (lowbar)       -- 'lowbar;': 95,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:874:3     - Unknown word (lparlt)       -- 'lparlt;': 10643,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:875:3     - Unknown word (lrhard)       -- 'lrhard;': 10605,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:876:3     - Unknown word (lsaquo)       -- 'lsaquo;': 8249,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:877:3     - Unknown word (lsquor)       -- 'lsquor;': 8218,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:878:3     - Unknown word (lstrok)       -- 'lstrok;': 322,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:879:3     - Unknown word (lthree)       -- 'lthree;': 8907,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:880:3     - Unknown word (ltimes)       -- 'ltimes;': 8905,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:881:3     - Unknown word (ltlarr)       -- 'ltlarr;': 10614,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:883:3     - Unknown word (mapsto)       -- 'mapsto;': 8614,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:885:3     - Unknown word (mcomma)       -- 'mcomma;': 10793,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:886:3     - Unknown word (midast)       -- 'midast;': 42,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:887:3     - Unknown word (midcir)      -- 'midcir;': 10992,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:888:3     - Unknown word (middot)      -- 'middot;': 183,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:889:3     - Unknown word (minusb)      -- 'minusb;': 8863,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:890:3     - Unknown word (minusd)      -- 'minusd;': 8760,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:891:3     - Unknown word (mnplus)      -- 'mnplus;': 8723,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:893:3     - Unknown word (mstpos)      -- 'mstpos;': 8766,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:895:4     - Unknown word (Vdash)       -- 'nVdash;': 8878,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:896:3     - Unknown word (nacute)      -- 'nacute;': 324,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:897:3     - Unknown word (nbumpe)      -- 'nbumpe;': 8783,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:898:3     - Unknown word (ncaron)      -- 'ncaron;': 328,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:899:3     - Unknown word (ncedil)      -- 'ncedil;': 326,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:900:3     - Unknown word (nearhk)      -- 'nearhk;': 10532,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:901:3     - Unknown word (nequiv)      -- 'nequiv;': 8802,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:902:3     - Unknown word (nesear)      -- 'nesear;': 10536,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:903:3     - Unknown word (nexist)      -- 'nexist;': 8708,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:904:3     - Unknown word (nltrie)      -- 'nltrie;': 8940,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:905:3     - Unknown word (notin)       -- 'notinE;': 8953,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:906:3     - Unknown word (nparsl)      -- 'nparsl;': 11005,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:907:3     - Unknown word (nprcue)      -- 'nprcue;': 8928,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:908:3     - Unknown word (nrarrc)      -- 'nrarrc;': 10547,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:909:3     - Unknown word (nrarrw)      -- 'nrarrw;': 8605,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:910:3     - Unknown word (nrtrie)      -- 'nrtrie;': 8941,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:911:3     - Unknown word (nsccue)      -- 'nsccue;': 8929,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:912:3     - Unknown word (nsimeq)      -- 'nsimeq;': 8772,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:913:3     - Unknown word (ntilde)      -- 'ntilde;': 241,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:914:3     - Unknown word (numero)      -- 'numero;': 8470,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:916:5     - Unknown word (Harr)        -- 'nvHarr;': 10500,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:917:3     - Unknown word (nvdash)      -- 'nvdash;': 8876,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:920:3     - Unknown word (nwarhk)      -- 'nwarhk;': 10531,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:921:3     - Unknown word (nwnear)      -- 'nwnear;': 10535,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:922:3     - Unknown word (oacute)      -- 'oacute;': 243,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:923:3     - Unknown word (odblac)      -- 'odblac;': 337,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:924:3     - Unknown word (odsold)      -- 'odsold;': 10684,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:925:3     - Unknown word (ograve)      -- 'ograve;': 242,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:926:3     - Unknown word (ominus)      -- 'ominus;': 8854,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:927:3     - Unknown word (origof)      -- 'origof;': 8886,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:928:3     - Unknown word (oslash)      -- 'oslash;': 248,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:929:3     - Unknown word (otilde)      -- 'otilde;': 245,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:930:3     - Unknown word (otimes)      -- 'otimes;': 8855,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:931:3     - Unknown word (parsim)      -- 'parsim;': 10995,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:932:3     - Unknown word (percnt)      -- 'percnt;': 37,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:934:3     - Unknown word (permil)      -- 'permil;': 8240,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:935:3     - Unknown word (phmmat)      -- 'phmmat;': 8499,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:937:3     - Unknown word (plankv)      -- 'plankv;': 8463,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:938:3     - Unknown word (plusdo)      -- 'plusdo;': 8724,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:939:3     - Unknown word (plusdu)      -- 'plusdu;': 10789,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:940:3     - Unknown word (plusmn)      -- 'plusmn;': 177,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:941:3     - Unknown word (preceq)      -- 'preceq;': 10927,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:943:3     - Unknown word (prnsim)      -- 'prnsim;': 8936,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:944:3     - Unknown word (propto)      -- 'propto;': 8733,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:945:3     - Unknown word (prurel)      -- 'prurel;': 8880,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:946:3     - Unknown word (puncsp)      -- 'puncsp;': 8200,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:947:3     - Unknown word (qprime)      -- 'qprime;': 8279,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:949:3     - Unknown word (racute)      -- 'racute;': 341,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:950:3     - Unknown word (rangle)      -- 'rangle;': 10217,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:951:3     - Unknown word (rarrap)      -- 'rarrap;': 10613,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:952:3     - Unknown word (rarrfs)      -- 'rarrfs;': 10526,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:953:3     - Unknown word (rarrhk)      -- 'rarrhk;': 8618,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:954:3     - Unknown word (rarrlp)      -- 'rarrlp;': 8620,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:955:3     - Unknown word (rarrpl)      -- 'rarrpl;': 10565,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:956:3     - Unknown word (rarrtl)      -- 'rarrtl;': 8611,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:957:3     - Unknown word (ratail)      -- 'ratail;': 10522,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:959:3     - Unknown word (rbrack)      -- 'rbrack;': 93,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:960:3     - Unknown word (rcaron)      -- 'rcaron;': 345,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:961:3     - Unknown word (rcedil)      -- 'rcedil;': 343,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:962:3     - Unknown word (rdquor)      -- 'rdquor;': 8221,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:963:3     - Unknown word (rfisht)      -- 'rfisht;': 10621,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:964:3     - Unknown word (rfloor)      -- 'rfloor;': 8971,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:965:3     - Unknown word (rharul)      -- 'rharul;': 10604,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:966:3     - Unknown word (rmoust)      -- 'rmoust;': 9137,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:967:3     - Unknown word (roplus)      -- 'roplus;': 10798,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:968:3     - Unknown word (rpargt)      -- 'rpargt;': 10644,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:969:3     - Unknown word (rsaquo)      -- 'rsaquo;': 8250,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:970:3     - Unknown word (rsquor)      -- 'rsquor;': 8217,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:971:3     - Unknown word (rthree)      -- 'rthree;': 8908,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:972:3     - Unknown word (rtimes)      -- 'rtimes;': 8906,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:973:3     - Unknown word (sacute)      -- 'sacute;': 347,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:974:3     - Unknown word (scaron)      -- 'scaron;': 353,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:975:3     - Unknown word (scedil)      -- 'scedil;': 351,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:976:3     - Unknown word (scnsim)      -- 'scnsim;': 8937,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:977:3     - Unknown word (searhk)      -- 'searhk;': 10533,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:978:3     - Unknown word (seswar)      -- 'seswar;': 10537,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:979:3     - Unknown word (sfrown)      -- 'sfrown;': 8994,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:980:3     - Unknown word (shchcy)      -- 'shchcy;': 1097,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:981:3     - Unknown word (sigmaf)      -- 'sigmaf;': 962,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:982:3     - Unknown word (sigmav)      -- 'sigmav;': 962,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:983:3     - Unknown word (simdot)      -- 'simdot;': 10858,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:984:3     - Unknown word (smashp)      -- 'smashp;': 10803,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:985:3     - Unknown word (softcy)      -- 'softcy;': 1100,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:986:3     - Unknown word (solbar)      -- 'solbar;': 9023,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:988:3     - Unknown word (sqcaps)      -- 'sqcaps;': 8851,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:989:3     - Unknown word (sqcups)      -- 'sqcups;': 8852,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:990:3     - Unknown word (sqsube)      -- 'sqsube;': 8849,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:991:3     - Unknown word (sqsupe)      -- 'sqsupe;': 8850,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:993:3     - Unknown word (squarf)      -- 'squarf;': 9642,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:994:3     - Unknown word (ssetmn)     -- 'ssetmn;': 8726,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:995:3     - Unknown word (ssmile)     -- 'ssmile;': 8995,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:996:3     - Unknown word (sstarf)     -- 'sstarf;': 8902,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:997:3     - Unknown word (subdot)     -- 'subdot;': 10941,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/entities.js:999:3     - Unknown word (subsim)     -- 'subsim;': 10951,
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/1-parse/utils/fuzzymatch.js:6:25      - Unknown word (fuzzymatch) -- export default function fuzzymatch(name, names) {
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/css/css-prune.js:253:18    - Unknown word (combinators) -- // TODO other combinators
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/css/css-prune.js:260:29    - Unknown word (unscopeable) -- a `:global(...)` or unscopeable selector, or
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/index.js:614:18    - Unknown word (nonstate)   -- // warn on any nonstate declarations that are
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/Attribute.js:77:7      - Unknown word (unhoisted)  -- const unhoisted = { hoisted: false
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/RegularElement.js:38:72     - Unknown word (qirk)       -- stripped because of a qirk:
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/shared/a11y.js:353:3     - Unknown word (impp)       -- 'impp'
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/shared/a11y.js:384:21    - Unknown word (webauthn)   -- if (tokens[0] === 'webauthn') {
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/shared/a11y.js:417:12    - Unknown word (labelable)  -- const a11y_labelable = [
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/shared/a11y.js:746:12    - Unknown word (proptypes)  -- // aria-proptypes
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/2-analyze/visitors/shared/utils.js:110:41    - Unknown word (inbetween)  -- whitespace is allowed inbetween. TODO remove once legacy
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/BindDirective.js:42:14     - Unknown word (unthunk)    -- let set = b.unthunk(
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/ConstTag.js:49:11     - Unknown word (optimise)   -- // TODO optimise the simple `{ x } =
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/SvelteElement.js:82:46     - Unknown word (computeds)  -- ...lets); // create computeds in the outer context
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/shared/declarations.js:31:30     - Unknown word (unsub)      -- call = b.call('$.store_unsub', call, b.literal(`
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/shared/element.js:142:65    - Unknown word (toogle)     -- something like `$.class_toogle(element, class_name
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/client/visitors/shared/element.js:44:67     - Unknown word (readded)    -- it isn't removed and readded on every update
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/3-transform/utils.js:236:76    - Unknown word (spaceand)   -- text node with a single spaceand keep whitespace
packages/svelte/src/compiler/phases/patterns.js:21:43     - Unknown word (aeiou)      -- starts_with_vowel = /^[aeiou]/;
packages/svelte/src/compiler/types/template.d.ts:24:41     - Unknown word (mrow)       -- for e.g. `<math>` or `<mrow>`
packages/svelte/src/compiler/utils/ast.js:538:40    - Unknown word (subexpression) -- expression.expressions.some((subexpression) => is_expression_async
packages/svelte/src/compiler/utils/builders.js:486:12    - Unknown word (instane)    -- const null_instane = literal(null);
packages/svelte/src/compiler/utils/extract_svelte_ignore.js:16:16     - Unknown word (eachblock)  -- 'invalid-rest-eachblock-binding': 'bind_invalid
packages/svelte/src/compiler/utils/mapped_code.js:134:6     - Unknown word (unswitched) -- // unswitched loops are faster
packages/svelte/src/html-tree-validation.js:120:5     - Unknown word (bgsound)    -- 'bgsound',
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/constants.js:18:56     - Unknown word (deriveds)   -- need to be handled with deriveds and be recognized elsewhere
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dev/inspect.js:22:43     - Unknown word (occured)    -- known that an error occured, but we don't stop execution
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dev/ownership.js:53:14     - Unknown word (bondaries)  -- // of the bondaries/component context heuristic
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/blocks/await.js:126:68    - Unknown word (microtick)  -- since it's on the next microtick
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/blocks/each.js:155:86    - Unknown word (treeshaken) -- let` or else it isn't treeshaken out */
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/blocks/svelte-element.js:73:18     - Unknown word (Noone)      -- // Assumption: Noone changes the namespace
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/actions.js:18:8      - Unknown word (inited)     -- var inited = false;
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/attributes.js:334:16    - Unknown word (contructor) -- // Do not use contructor.name here as that's
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/bindings/input.js:26:18     - Unknown word (numberlike) -- var value = is_numberlike_input(input) ? to_number
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/bindings/this.js:41:78     - Unknown word (nullfiy)    -- context changes), then nullfiy the binding at
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/class.js:80:6      - Unknown word (peformance) -- // peformance issues vs simply making
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/dom/elements/misc.js:54:66     - Unknown word (possiblity) -- get noticed of it (no possiblity of stopPropagation)
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/proxy.js:25:12     - Unknown word (proxyable)  -- // if non-proxyable, or is already a proxy
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/reactivity/props.js:430:51    - Unknown word (synchronisation) -- value)); // force a synchronisation immediately
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/reactivity/sources.js:195:66    - Unknown word (overfiring) -- - this way we avoid overfiring.
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/runtime.js:1271:29   - Unknown word (noone)      -- value; // let's hope noone modifies this global
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/runtime.js:921:26    - Unknown word (doesnt)     -- mutate(dep, null /* doesnt matter */);
packages/svelte/src/internal/client/timing.js:12:5      - Unknown word (bunder)     -- // bunder will eval and remove
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:209    - Unknown word (AFFFE)      -- u{9FFFE}\u{9FFFF}\u{AFFFE}\u{AFFFF}\u{BFFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:218    - Unknown word (AFFFF)      -- u{9FFFF}\u{AFFFE}\u{AFFFF}\u{BFFFE}\u{BFFFF}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:227    - Unknown word (BFFFE)      -- u{AFFFE}\u{AFFFF}\u{BFFFE}\u{BFFFF}\u{CFFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:23     - Unknown word (FDEF)       -- [\s'">/=\u{FDD0}-\u{FDEF}\u{FFFE}\u{FFFF}\u{
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:236    - Unknown word (BFFFF)      -- u{AFFFF}\u{BFFFE}\u{BFFFF}\u{CFFFE}\u{CFFFF}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:245    - Unknown word (CFFFE)      -- u{BFFFE}\u{BFFFF}\u{CFFFE}\u{CFFFF}\u{DFFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:254    - Unknown word (CFFFF)      -- u{BFFFF}\u{CFFFE}\u{CFFFF}\u{DFFFE}\u{DFFFF}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:263    - Unknown word (DFFFE)      -- u{CFFFE}\u{CFFFF}\u{DFFFE}\u{DFFFF}\u{EFFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:272    - Unknown word (DFFFF)      -- u{CFFFF}\u{DFFFE}\u{DFFFF}\u{EFFFE}\u{EFFFF}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:281    - Unknown word (EFFFE)      -- u{DFFFE}\u{DFFFF}\u{EFFFE}\u{EFFFF}\u{FFFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:299    - Unknown word (FFFFE)      -- u{EFFFE}\u{EFFFF}\u{FFFFE}\u{FFFFF}\u{10FFFE}
packages/svelte/src/internal/server/index.js:25:31     - Unknown word (FFFE)       -- \u{FDD0}-\u{FDEF}\u{FFFE}\u{FFFF}\u{1FFFE}\u
packages/svelte/src/internal/shared/clone.js:34:8      - Unknown word (uncloned)   -- let uncloned = slice.map((path)
packages/svelte/src/reactivity/set.js:77:39     - Unknown word (nilly)      -- create sources willy-nilly to track all possible
packages/svelte/src/store/index-client.js:139:13    - Unknown word (subcribe)   -- // re-subcribe unnecessarily and create
packages/svelte/src/store/public.d.ts:5:13      - Unknown word (Unsubscriber) -- export type Unsubscriber = () => void;
packages/svelte/src/store/shared/index.js:155:9     - Unknown word (unsubscribers) -- const unsubscribers = stores_array.map(
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:196:2     - Unknown word (srcobject)  -- srcobject: 'srcObject'
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:337:3     - Unknown word (hatchpath)  -- 'hatchpath',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:338:3     - Unknown word (hkern)      -- 'hkern',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:345:3     - Unknown word (meshgradient) -- 'meshgradient',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:346:3     - Unknown word (meshpatch)    -- 'meshpatch',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:347:3     - Unknown word (meshrow)      -- 'meshrow',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:358:3     - Unknown word (solidcolor)   -- 'solidcolor',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:370:3     - Unknown word (vkern)        -- 'vkern'
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:381:3     - Unknown word (maction)      -- 'maction',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:383:3     - Unknown word (merror)       -- 'merror',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:384:3     - Unknown word (mfrac)        -- 'mfrac',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:386:3     - Unknown word (mmultiscripts) -- 'mmultiscripts',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:390:3     - Unknown word (mpadded)       -- 'mpadded',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:391:3     - Unknown word (mphantom)      -- 'mphantom',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:392:3     - Unknown word (mprescripts)   -- 'mprescripts',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:393:3     - Unknown word (mroot)         -- 'mroot',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:396:3     - Unknown word (mspace)        -- 'mspace',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:397:3     - Unknown word (msqrt)         -- 'msqrt',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:398:3     - Unknown word (mstyle)        -- 'mstyle',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:399:3     - Unknown word (msub)          -- 'msub',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:400:3     - Unknown word (msubsup)       -- 'msubsup',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:401:3     - Unknown word (msup)          -- 'msup',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:402:3     - Unknown word (mtable)        -- 'mtable',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:404:3     - Unknown word (mtext)         -- 'mtext',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:406:3     - Unknown word (munder)        -- 'munder',
packages/svelte/src/utils.js:407:3     - Unknown word (munderover)    -- 'munderover',
packages/svelte/tests/README.md:16:151    - Unknown word (unkeyed)    -- binding-each-remount-unkeyed` for an example
packages/svelte/tests/README.md:3:51      - Unknown word (currente)   -- many tests from the currente Svelte project over
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/component-invalid-name/main.svelte:3:2       - Unknown word (Wunderschön) -- <Wunderschön />
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/component-invalid-name/main.svelte:4:2       - Unknown word (Cæжαक)       -- <Cæжαकン中 />
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/const-tag-whitespace/main.svelte:2:4       - Unknown word (constfoo)   -- {@constfoo = 'bar'}
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/illegal-expression/_config.js:6:26      - Unknown word (rvalue)     -- message: 'Assigning to rvalue',
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/invalid-rune-name/_config.js:6:22      - Unknown word (imnotarune) -- message: '`$effect.imnotarune` is not a valid rune
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/raw-mustaches-whitespace/main.svelte:1:3       - Unknown word (htmlfoo)    -- {@htmlfoo}
packages/svelte/tests/compiler-errors/samples/svelte-selfdestructive/main.svelte:2:10      - Unknown word (selfdestructive) -- <svelte:selfdestructive x="{x - 1}"/>
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/global-block/expected.css:38:8      - Unknown word (wich)       -- /* ...wich is equivalent to `div
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/global-block/expected.css:50:48     - Unknown word (aswell)     -- :global.x { ... }` aswell */
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/omit-scoping-attribute-attribute-selector-contains/expected.html:1:38      - Unknown word (foobarbaz)  -- svelte-xyz" data-foo="foobarbaz">this is styled</p>
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/omit-scoping-attribute-attribute-selector-prefix/expected.html:1:38      - Unknown word (barbaz)     -- svelte-xyz" data-foo="barbaz">this is styled</p>
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/omit-scoping-attribute-attribute-selector-prefix/expected.html:2:15      - Unknown word (bazbar)     -- <p data-foo="bazbar">this is unstyled</p
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/omit-scoping-attribute-attribute-selector/expected.css:1:3       - Unknown word (autoplay)   -- [autoplay].svelte-xyz {
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/supports-font-face/expected.css:3:77      - Unknown word (Moderna)    -- lveticaNeue-Bold'), url(MgOpenModernaBold.ttf);
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/supports-import/expected.css:4:14      - Unknown word (fineprint)  -- @import url(fineprint.css) print;
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:13:36     - Unknown word (foobb)      -- Unused CSS selector ".foobb"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:19:36     - Unknown word (foodd)      -- Unused CSS selector ".foodd"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:25:36     - Unknown word (bbbar)      -- Unused CSS selector ".bbbar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:31:36     - Unknown word (ccbar)      -- Unused CSS selector ".ccbar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:37:36     - Unknown word (ddbar)      -- Unused CSS selector ".ddbar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:43:36     - Unknown word (fooaabar)   -- Unused CSS selector ".fooaabar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:49:36     - Unknown word (foobbbar)   -- Unused CSS selector ".foobbbar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:55:36     - Unknown word (fooccbar)   -- Unused CSS selector ".fooccbar"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/_config.js:7:36      - Unknown word (fooaa)      -- Unused CSS selector ".fooaa"',
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/expected.css:10:4      - Unknown word (aabar)      -- .aabar.svelte-xyz {color: red
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/expected.css:17:4      - Unknown word (fooddbar)   -- .fooddbar.svelte-xyz {color: red
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-string-concat/expected.css:4:4       - Unknown word (foocc)      -- .foocc.svelte-xyz {color: red
packages/svelte/tests/css/samples/unused-selector-ternary/_config.js:11:36     - Unknown word (maybeactive) -- Unused CSS selector ".maybeactive"',
packages/svelte/tests/hydration/test.ts:132:22    - Unknown word (borks)      -- // Error logger borks because of circular
packages/svelte/tests/migrate/samples/event-handlers-with-alias/output.svelte:28:9      - Unknown word (oncustom)   -- <button oncustom-event={() => 'hi'}>click
packages/svelte/tests/migrate/samples/remove-blocks-whitespace/input.svelte:17:2      - Unknown word (dlkdj)      -- dlkdj
packages/svelte/tests/migrate/samples/single-assignment-labeled/input.svelte:26:6      - Unknown word (alot)       -- let alot_times;
packages/svelte/tests/migrate/samples/single-assignment-labeled/input.svelte:36:6      - Unknown word (evenmore)   -- let evenmore;
packages/svelte/tests/migrate/samples/slots-with-$$props/input.svelte:3:6       - Unknown word (foos)       -- {#if foos}
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/action-duplicate/output.json:17:16     - Unknown word (autofocus)  -- "name": "autofocus",
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/nbsp/output.json:18:16     - Unknown word (nbsp)       -- "raw": "&nbsp;",
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/textarea-end-tag/input.svelte:2:16      - Unknown word (textar)     -- <p>not actu </textar ally an element. {foo
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/textarea-end-tag/input.svelte:2:9       - Unknown word (actu)       -- <p>not actu </textar ally an element
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/textarea-end-tag/input.svelte:3:3       - Unknown word (textare)    -- </textare
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/textarea-end-tag/input.svelte:6:5       - Unknown word (textaread)  -- > </textaread >asdf</textarea
packages/svelte/tests/parser-legacy/samples/whitespace-leading-trailing/input.svelte:3:13      - Unknown word (chillin)    -- <p>just chillin' over here</p>
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script-multiple/input.svelte:2:2       - Unknown word (REPLACEME)  -- REPLACEME
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script-multiple/input.svelte:8:2       - Unknown word (REPLACEMETOO) -- REPLACEMETOO
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script-multiple/output.svelte:2:2       - Unknown word (replaceme)  -- replaceme
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script-multiple/output.svelte:8:2       - Unknown word (replacemetoo) -- replacemetoo
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script/expected_map.json:3:21      - Unknown word (CAAC)       -- "mappings": "AAAA,CAAC,MAAM,CAAC;AACR,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script/expected_map.json:3:26      - Unknown word (MAAM)       -- mappings": "AAAA,CAAC,MAAM,CAAC;AACR,CAAC,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/script/expected_map.json:3:36      - Unknown word (AACR)       -- AAAA,CAAC,MAAM,CAAC;AACR,CAAC,CAAC,CAAC,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes-modified-longer/_config.js:10:52     - Unknown word (wayyyyyyyyyyyyy) -- attributes: { sth: 'wayyyyyyyyyyyyy looooooonger' } };
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes-modified-longer/_config.js:10:68     - Unknown word (looooooonger)    -- sth: 'wayyyyyyyyyyyyy looooooonger' } };
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes-modified-longer/expected_map.json:3:22      - Unknown word (AAEA)       -- "mappings": "AAAA;;AAEA,MAAM,mCAAa,UAAM,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes-modified-longer/expected_map.json:3:38      - Unknown word (UAAM)       -- AAAA;;AAEA,MAAM,mCAAa,UAAM,CAAC,CAAC,KAAK;;AAEhC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes-modified-longer/expected_map.json:3:53      - Unknown word (KAAK)       -- mCAAa,UAAM,CAAC,CAAC,KAAK;;AAEhC",
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes/expected_map.json:3:121     - Unknown word (UAAO)       -- GAAG,CAAC,CAAC,IAAI,UAAO,CAAC,CAAC,KAAK",
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes/expected_map.json:3:36      - Unknown word (IAAI)       -- AAAA,CAAC,KAAK,CAAC,IAAI,CAAC,CAAC,IAAI,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/preprocess/samples/style-attributes/expected_map.json:3:86      - Unknown word (GAAG)       -- CAAC,CAAC,IAAI,CAAC,GAAG,CAAC,CAAC,GAAG,CAAC
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/assert.js:162:72    - Unknown word (infered)    -- directly visible, not infered, which is why
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/component-css-custom-properties-dynamic-svg/_config.js:14:52     - Unknown word (qzlp)       -- "10" class="svelte-1qzlp1k"></circle>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/component-event-handler-contenteditable-false/_config.js:13:21     - Unknown word (bcde)       -- component.text = 'bcde';
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/component-event-handler-contenteditable-false/_config.js:14:34     - Unknown word (bcdea)      -- equal(div.textContent, 'bcdea');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/head-scripts/main.svelte:2:11      - Unknown word (jssrc)      -- function jssrc(src) {
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/head-scripts/main.svelte:6:14      - Unknown word (Srcs)       -- const scriptSrcs = [ 1, 2, 3 ]
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-browser/samples/inline-style-directive-important/_config.js:5:21      - Unknown word (szzkfu)     -- <h1 class="svelte-szzkfu" style="background-color
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-casing/_config.js:5:15      - Unknown word (SHOUTY)     -- <div class='SHOUTY'>YELL</div>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-casing/_config.js:8:25      - Unknown word (hellooooo)  -- text textLength=100>hellooooo</text>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-casing/main.svelte:3:6       - Unknown word (viewbox)    -- <svg viewbox='0 0 100 100' id='one
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-casing/main.svelte:4:8       - Unknown word (textlength) -- <text textlength=100>hellooooo</text
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-null-classnames-no-style/_config.js:26:32     - Unknown word (nulltest)   -- equal(div.className, 'nulltest');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/attribute-null-classnames-no-style/_config.js:30:32     - Unknown word (undefinedtest) -- equal(div.className, 'undefinedtest');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/await-mutate-array/Card.svelte:3:13      - Unknown word (onfav)      -- export let onfav;
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/binding-circular/_config.js:6:36      - Unknown word (wheeee)     -- value="[object Object]">wheeee</option>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/binding-this-multiple/main.svelte:25:3      - Unknown word (duiv)       -- <duiv>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/class-shortcut-with-transition/_config.js:14:37     - Unknown word (yszte)      -- p class="red svelte-1yszte8 border" style="">bar
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/component-slot-fallback-2/_config.js:6:26      - Unknown word (Blub)       -- ssrHtml: '<input value="Blub"> <input value="Blub
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag-await-then-destructuring-computed-in-computed/main.svelte:23:28     - Unknown word (leng)       -- await promise2 catch { [`leng${th}`]: l, [`wid${th
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag-each-const/_config.js:19:13     - Unknown word (nums)       -- component.nums = [1, 2, 3];
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag-each-destructure-computed-in-computed/main.svelte:40:24     - Unknown word (sideone)    -- `side${area}${i}`]: sideone,
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag-each-destructure-computed-in-computed/main.svelte:41:28     - Unknown word (sidetwo)    -- side${area}${i + 1}`]: sidetwo
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag-hoisting/main.svelte:6:18      - Unknown word (hypercubed) -- <div>{n} ^ 4 = {hypercubed}</div>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/const-tag/_config.js:4:19      - Unknown word (worldworld) -- html: '<h1>Hello worldworld!</h1>'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/css-vars-escape/_config.js:5:85      - Unknown word (uhoh)       -- onload=&quot;alert('uhoh')&quot; data-nothing
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/deconflict-globals/_config.js:9:34      - Unknown word (bestest)    -- hereby declare Svelte the bestest framework.</p>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/destructured-assignment-pattern-with-object-pattern/main.svelte:2:8       - Unknown word (hoge)       -- const hoge = {};
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/destructuring-assignment-array/_config.js:7:8       - Unknown word (Compté)     -- <li>Compté</li>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/destructuring-assignment-array/_config.js:9:8       - Unknown word (Abondance)  -- <li>Abondance</li>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/dynamic-element-class-directive/_config.js:5:23      - Unknown word (vsuzn)      -- <div class="svelte-1vsuzn0 active">foo</div>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/dynamic-element-svg-implicit-namespace/main.svelte:3:5       - Unknown word (optimisations) -- // optimisations we might apply
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-destructured-default/_config.js:11:19     - Unknown word (lotor)      -- species: 'P. lotor',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-destructured-object-computed-props/_config.js:12:6      - Unknown word (stac)       -- stac: 'stack',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-destructured-object-computed-props/_config.js:18:15     - Unknown word (jenga)      -- stac: 'A jenga tower',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-destructured-object-literal-props/_config.js:19:10     - Unknown word (nada)       -- 0: 'nada',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:47:9      - Unknown word (abecd)      -- test('abecd');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:48:9      - Unknown word (fabecd)     -- test('fabecd');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:49:9      - Unknown word (fabed)      -- test('fabed');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:50:9      - Unknown word (beadf)      -- test('beadf');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:51:9      - Unknown word (ghbeadf)    -- test('ghbeadf');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:57:9      - Unknown word (duqbmineapjhtlofrskcg) -- test('duqbmineapjhtlofrskcg');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:58:9      - Unknown word (hdnkjougmrvftewsqpailcb) -- test('hdnkjougmrvftewsqpailcb');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:59:9      - Unknown word (bidhfacge)               -- test('bidhfacge');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:60:9      - Unknown word (kgjnempcboaflidh)        -- test('kgjnempcboaflidh');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:61:9      - Unknown word (fekbijachgd)             -- test('fekbijachgd');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/each-block-keyed-random-permute/_config.js:62:9      - Unknown word (kdmlgfbicheja)           -- test('kdmlgfbicheja');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/helpers/_config.js:4:12      - Unknown word (sdrawkcab)  -- html: '<p>sdrawkcab</p>'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/html-entities-inside-attributes/_config.js:13:24     - Unknown word (copyotherstring) -- span data-xxx="&amp;copyotherstring=value" style="&amp;copyothers
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/html-entities/_config.js:16:14     - Unknown word (stringnotanentity) -- <span>&amp;stringnotanentity;</span>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/html-entities/_config.js:20:10     - Unknown word (otherstring)       -- <span>©otherstring</span>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/html-entities/_config.js:28:9      - Unknown word (Ÿotherstring)      -- <span>Ÿotherstring</span>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/html-entities/main.svelte:24:11     - Unknown word (fotherstring) -- <span>&#x9fotherstring</span>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/names-deconflicted/_config.js:7:33      - Unknown word (bish)       -- widgets = [{ name: 'bish' }, { name: 'bosh'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/props-reactive-slot/main.svelte:6:7       - Unknown word (someprop)   -- <Comp someprop={p} let:props>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/raw-mustaches/_config.js:14:39     - Unknown word (beforeafter) -- htmlEqual(target.innerHTML, 'beforeafter');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/raw-mustaches/_config.js:16:39     - Unknown word (beforehow)   -- htmlEqual(target.innerHTML, 'beforehow about <strong>unclosed
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-component-2/_config.js:14:12     - Unknown word (lolzz)      -- foo: 'lolzz',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-component-2/_config.js:17:13     - Unknown word (quuxx)      -- quux: 'quuxx'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-component-2/_config.js:50:12     - Unknown word (heartxx)    -- quux: 'heartxx'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-component-dynamic-non-object-multiple-dependencies/_config.js:12:6      - Unknown word (corge)      -- <p>corge: b</p>
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-element-multiple/_config.js:10:8      - Unknown word (deeeeee)    -- d: 'deeeeee'
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/spread-element-multiple/_config.js:25:18     - Unknown word (DEEEEEE)    -- component.d = 'DEEEEEE';
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/svg-each-block-namespace/main.svelte:2:13      - Unknown word (colours)    -- export let colours = [ 'red', 'green',
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/svg-each-block-namespace/main.svelte:6:20      - Unknown word (colour)     -- {#each colours as colour, i}
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/svg-multiple/_config.js:14:9      - Unknown word (svgs)       -- const svgs = target.querySelectorAll
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/transition-js-deferred-option-direction/_config.js:13:13     - Unknown word (bothin)     -- const div_bothin = /** @type {HTMLDivElement
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/transition-js-deferred-option-direction/_config.js:16:13     - Unknown word (bothout)    -- const div_bothout = /** @type {HTMLDivElement
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-legacy/samples/transition-js-slot-5-cancelled-overflow/_config.js:6:6       - Unknown word (spreaded)   -- // + spreaded props + overflow context
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/binding-interop/Runes.svelte:26:62     - Unknown word (coincidently) -- effect so they don't coincidently update with the others
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/class-state-derived-private/main.svelte:6:7       - Unknown word (embiggened) -- get embiggened() {
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/class-state-raw/main.svelte:4:34      - Unknown word (Froozen)    -- someLibFunctionCreatingFroozenObject(value) {
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/component-dont-fuse-whitespace/_config.js:4:39      - Unknown word (dont)       -- before the render tag dont fuse this text with
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/deferred-events-consistency-2/_config.js:5:40      - Unknown word (suide)      -- testable in our test suide: click() will synchronously
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-3/_config.js:18:54     - Unknown word (nneighba)   -- button>Toggle</button>\nneighba\nneighba`
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-3/_config.js:27:54     - Unknown word (nzeeba)     -- button>Toggle</button>\nzeeba\nzeeba`
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-3/main.svelte:13:44     - Unknown word (zeeba)      -- this.data.name === 'zeeba' ? 'neighba' : 'zeeba
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-3/main.svelte:13:54     - Unknown word (neighba)    -- name === 'zeeba' ? 'neighba' : 'zeeba';
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-5/_config.js:10:44     - Unknown word (Zeeba)      -- target.innerHTML, `<div>Zeeba Neighba</div>`);
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/derived-unowned-5/_config.js:10:50     - Unknown word (Neighba)    -- innerHTML, `<div>Zeeba Neighba</div>`);
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/destructure-async-assignments/main.svelte:48:13     - Unknown word (mult)       -- let mult = (a, b) => (a * b)
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/destructure-async-assignments/main.svelte:57:12     - Unknown word (anotherprop) -- ({ anotherprop: p = await Promise.resolve
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/directives-with-member-access/main.svelte:14:31     - Unknown word (Relatedly)  -- other words a number. Relatedly, people should not do
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/dynamic-event-handler-2/_config.js:4:17      - Unknown word (Tama)       -- html: '<button>Tama</button><button>Pochi
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/dynamic-event-handler-2/_config.js:4:38      - Unknown word (Pochi)      -- Tama</button><button>Pochi</button><br><button
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/event-attribute-not-hoistable/main.svelte:31:73     - Unknown word (delegateable) -- when one of them is not delegateable -->
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/mount-props-updates/_config.js:25:61     - Unknown word (proeprty)   -- treated as a readonly proeprty
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/multiple-head/_config.js:9:155     - Unknown word (svelteawesome) -- description"><meta content="@svelteawesome" name="author"><title
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/non-local-mutation-with-binding-3/Counter.svelte:2:42      - Unknown word (notshared)  -- { count: number }, notshared: { count: number }
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/not-actual-runes/_config.js:7:11      - Unknown word (Shouldnt)   -- <button>Shouldnt be reactive</button
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/proxy-set-accessor/_config.js:19:49     - Unknown word (sveltey)    -- innerHTML, `<input><p>sveltey</p>`);
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/proxy-set-accessor/_config.js:20:30     - Unknown word (SVELTEY)    -- equal(input.value, 'SVELTEY');
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/reactive-to-string/main.svelte:6:6       - Unknown word (rmap)       -- let rmap = new SvelteMap();
packages/svelte/tests/runtime-runes/samples/reactive-to-string/main.svelte:7:6       - Unknown word (rset)       -- let rset = new SvelteSet();
packages/svelte/tests/server-side-rendering/samples/css-injected-options-minify/_expected_head.html:1:39      - Unknown word (gfnjhw)     -- gfnjhw">.foo.svelte-gfnjhw {color:green;}.foo.svelte
packages/svelte/tests/server-side-rendering/samples/css-injected-options-nested/_expected_head.html:1:39      - Unknown word (ievf)       -- ievf05">.bar.svelte-ievf05 {color:red;}</style
packages/svelte/tests/sourcemaps/samples/preprocessed-multiple/_config.js:10:37     - Unknown word (bazitone)   -- replace_all(src, '--bazitone', '--baz');
packages/svelte/tests/sourcemaps/samples/sourcemap-basename-without-outputname/input.svelte:1:32      - Unknown word (outputname) -- sourcemap-basename-without-outputname</h1>
packages/svelte/tests/sourcemaps/test.ts:11:25     - Unknown word (occurence)  -- ** If not the first occurence, but the nth should
packages/svelte/tests/store/test.ts:89:57     - Unknown word (resubscriptions) -- initially, including on resubscriptions', () => {
packages/svelte/tests/types/component.ts:345:20    - Unknown word (doesntexist) -- import Foo from './doesntexist.svelte';
packages/svelte/tests/types/create-event-dispatcher.ts:43:35     - Unknown word (cancelabled) -- optional', undefined, { cancelabled: true });
packages/svelte/tests/types/events.ts:13:3      - Unknown word (clidck)     -- 'clidck',
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-aria-activedescendant/warnings.json:3:43      - Unknown word (tabindex)   -- activedescendant_has_tabindex",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-aria-proptypes-number/warnings.json:4:34      - Unknown word (valuemax)   -- "The value of 'aria-valuemax' must be a number",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-autocomplete-valid/input.svelte:14:72     - Unknown word (WEBAUTHN)   -- SHIPPING WORK EMAIL WEBAUTHN" />
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-figcaption-wrong-place/warnings.json:3:17      - Unknown word (figcaption) -- "code": "a11y_figcaption_index",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-interactive-supports-focus/warnings.json:236:16    - Unknown word (mouseout)   -- "message": "'mouseout' event must be accompanied
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-abstract-roles/input.svelte:6:12      - Unknown word (roletype)   -- <div role="roletype"></div>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-abstract-roles/input.svelte:8:12      - Unknown word (sectionhead) -- <div role="sectionhead"></div>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-access-key/warnings.json:3:17      - Unknown word (accesskey)  -- "code": "a11y_accesskey",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-interactive-element-to-noninteractive-role/warnings.json:3:43      - Unknown word (noninteractive) -- interactive_element_to_noninteractive_role",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-interactive-element-to-noninteractive-role/warnings.json:56:39     - Unknown word (listitem)       -- ` cannot have role 'listitem'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/input.svelte:33:20     - Unknown word (backlink)   -- <marquee role="doc-backlink"></marquee>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/input.svelte:34:17     - Unknown word (biblioref)  -- <menu role="doc-biblioref"></menu>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/input.svelte:35:18     - Unknown word (glossref)   -- <meter role="doc-glossref"></meter>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/input.svelte:36:16     - Unknown word (noteref)    -- <nav role="doc-noteref"></nav>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/warnings.json:136:41    - Unknown word (fieldset)     -- interactive element `<fieldset>` cannot have interactive
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/warnings.json:196:76    - Unknown word (rowheader)    -- have interactive role 'rowheader'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/warnings.json:28:84     - Unknown word (columnheader) -- have interactive role 'columnheader'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-noninteractive-element-to-interactive-role/warnings.json:436:41    - Unknown word (optgroup)     -- interactive element `<optgroup>` cannot have interactive
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-redundant-roles/warnings.json:344:31    - Unknown word (progressbar) -- message": "Redundant role 'progressbar'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-redundant-roles/warnings.json:392:31    - Unknown word (rowgroup)    -- message": "Redundant role 'rowgroup'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-static-element-interactions/warnings.json:20:28     - Unknown word (mousedown)  -- message": "`<a>` with a mousedown or mouseup handler must
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-no-static-element-interactions/warnings.json:20:41     - Unknown word (mouseup)    -- with a mousedown or mouseup handler must have an
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/input.svelte:129:16    - Unknown word (biblioentry) -- <div role="doc-biblioentry" aria-valuemax="0">
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/input.svelte:153:16    - Unknown word (pagebreak)   -- <div role="doc-pagebreak" aria-rowcount="0">
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/input.svelte:154:16    - Unknown word (pagelist)    -- <div role="doc-pagelist" aria-modal="true">
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/input.svelte:158:16    - Unknown word (pullquote)   -- <div role="doc-pullquote" aria-rowcount="0">
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/warnings.json:1328:74   - Unknown word (tablist)     -- supported by the role 'tablist'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/warnings.json:140:35    - Unknown word (valuemin)   -- The attribute 'aria-valuemin' is not supported by
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/warnings.json:500:79    - Unknown word (alertdialog) -- supported by the role 'alertdialog'",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/a11y-role-supports-aria-props/warnings.json:80:124    - Unknown word (datalist)   -- implicit on the element `<datalist>`",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/component-legacy-instantiation/input.svelte:3:21      - Unknown word (somewhereelse) -- import Baz from './somewhereelse';
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/dollar-dollar-global-in-markup/errors.json:4:18      - Unknown word (billsyall)  -- "message": "`$$billsyall` is an illegal variable
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/event-attribute/input.svelte:2:17      - Unknown word (onbar)      -- <Button onclick onbar="bar">ok</Button>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/rest-eachblock-binding-3/input.svelte:2:103     - Unknown word (Somethin)   -- id:1, innerValue: "Somethin"} }]
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/runes-legacy-syntax-warnings-2/errors.json:4:102     - Unknown word (onclick)    -- allowed. Use only the onclick syntax",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/script-invalid-spread-attribute/input.svelte:1:13      - Unknown word (wheee)      -- <script {...wheee}></script>
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/tag-invalid/errors.json:3:35      - Unknown word (tagname)    -- svelte_options_invalid_tagname",
packages/svelte/tests/validator/samples/window-binding-invalid-innerwidth/errors.json:4:21      - Unknown word (innerwidth) -- "message": "`bind:innerwidth` is not a valid binding
packages/svelte/tests/validator/test.ts:139:16    - Unknown word (svefefe)    -- namespace: 'svefefe'
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:15:18     - Unknown word (fira)       -- "@fontsource/fira-mono": "^5.0.8",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:16:7      - Unknown word (lezer)      -- "@lezer/common": "^1.2.1",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:24:6      - Unknown word (publint)    -- "publint": "^0.2.7",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:25:6      - Unknown word (shiki)      -- "shiki": "^0.14.7",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:26:12     - Unknown word (twoslash)   -- "shiki-twoslash": "^3.1.2",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:45:7      - Unknown word (neocodemirror) -- "@neocodemirror/svelte": "0.0.15",
sites/svelte-5-preview/package.json:46:7      - Unknown word (replit)        -- "@replit/codemirror-lang-svelte
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Bundler.js:11:58     - Unknown word (onstatus)   -- svelte_url: string; onstatus: (val: string | null
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/CodeMirror.svelte:157:18    - Unknown word (unmark)     -- export function unmarkText() {
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Input/ComponentSelector.svelte:24:3      - Unknown word (rebundle)   -- rebundle,
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/AstNode.svelte:13:25     - Unknown word (toggleable) -- const { module_editor, toggleable } = get_repl_context
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/AstNode.svelte:22:8      - Unknown word (markable)   -- $: is_markable =
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/Viewer.svelte:78:7      - Unknown word (ungroup)    -- ungroup_logs();
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/console/ConsoleLine.svelte:41:40     - Unknown word (sdifo)      -- args.shift().split(/(%[sdifoOc])/g);
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/console/console.d.ts:2:70      - Unknown word (unclonable) -- group' | 'clear' | 'unclonable';
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/Output/srcdoc/index.html:89:69     - Unknown word (delegators) -- with svelte's event delegators that are attached to
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/workers/bundler/index.js:9:8       - Unknown word (glsl)       -- import glsl from './plugins/glsl
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/lib/workers/patch_window.js:1:39      - Unknown word (sring)      -- self; // hack for magic-sring and rollup inline sourcemaps
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/01-api/02-runes.md:137:83    - Unknown word (analysing)  -- double` by statically analysing the `count * 2` expression
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/02-examples/04-old-vs-new.md:40:220    - Unknown word (refactorable) -- in more maintainable, refactorable code.
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/02-examples/04-old-vs-new.md:67:4      - Unknown word (Untracking)   -- ## Untracking dependencies
sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/02-examples/04-old-vs-new.md:9:175     - Unknown word (practise)   -- attributes now, which in practise means just removing
