
Repository: MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs
Url: "https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs.git"
Args: ["--config=../../../cspell-power-shell-docs.config.yaml","**"]
Lines:
 CSpell: Files checked: 2683, Issues found: 5379 in 1239 files.
 exit code: 1
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md:10:38     - Unknown word (opensource) -- reach out at [aka.ms/opensource/moderation-support]
LICENSE:139:15    - Unknown word (sublicensable)   -- non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable
LICENSE:205:34    - Unknown word (waivable)        -- under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory
LICENSE:36:7      - Unknown word (creativecommons) -- wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for
LICENSE:386:1     - Unknown word (creativecommons) -- creativecommons.org/policies, Creative
LICENSE:395:38    - Unknown word (creativecommons) -- may be contacted at creativecommons.org.
LICENSE:53:7      - Unknown word (creativecommons) -- wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for
build.ps1:103:14    - Unknown word (Maml)       -- $MamlOutputFolder = Join-Path
build.ps1:104:37    - Unknown word (Maml)       -- Write-Verbose -Verbose "MamlOutputFolder = $MamlOutputFold
build.ps1:104:57    - Unknown word (Maml)       -- MamlOutputFolder = $MamlOutputFolder"
build.ps1:106:61    - Unknown word (updatablehelp) -- Path "$WorkingDirectory\updatablehelp" "$Version\$ModuleName
build.ps1:109:34    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- if (-not (Test-Path $MamlOutputFolder)) {
build.ps1:110:27    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- New-Item $MamlOutputFolder -ItemType
build.ps1:118:33    - Unknown word (aboutfolder)   -- Get-ChildItem "$aboutfolder/about_*.md" | ForEach
build.ps1:137:26    - Unknown word (warningaction) -- # Adding warningaction=stop to throw errors
build.ps1:137:79    - Unknown word (erroraction)   -- errors for all warnings, erroraction=stop to make them terminating
build.ps1:13:3      - Unknown word (Pandoc)     -- # Pandoc source URL
build.ps1:140:75    - Unknown word (helpinfo)      -- help files (cab and helpinfo.xml files)
build.ps1:144:43    - Unknown word (fileinfo)      -- Only output the cab fileinfo object
build.ps1:15:2      - Unknown word (pandoc)     -- $pandocSourceURL = "https:/
build.ps1:17:2      - Unknown word (pandoc)     -- $pandocDestinationPath = New
build.ps1:17:56     - Unknown word (pandoc)     -- Join-Path $tempDir "pandoc") -ItemType Directory
build.ps1:18:2      - Unknown word (pandoc)     -- $pandocZipPath = Join-Path
build.ps1:18:29     - Unknown word (pandoc)     -- pandocZipPath = Join-Path $pandocDestinationPath "pandoc
build.ps1:26:16     - Unknown word (threadjob)  -- if ($null -eq $threadjob) {
build.ps1:40:11     - Unknown word (Docset)     -- $ReferenceDocset = Join-Path $PSScriptRoot
build.ps1:45:25     - Unknown word (Docset)     -- ChildItem $ReferenceDocset -Directory -Exclude
build.ps1:63:37     - Unknown word (docset)     -- no yaml header in our docset will ever be that long
cabgen-bootstrap.yml:14:24     - Unknown word (cabgen)     -- template: PowerShell/cabgen.yml@templates
ci-steps.yml:10:33     - Unknown word (ARTIFACTSTAGINGDIRECTORY) -- destPath = "${env:BUILD_ARTIFACTSTAGINGDIRECTORY}/install-powershell
ci-steps.yml:26:124    - Unknown word (updatablehelp)            -- ArtifactStagingDirectory)\updatablehelp-$(Build.BuildId).zip
ci-steps.yml:26:55     - Unknown word (updatablehelp)            -- Build.SourcesDirectory)\updatablehelp\*" -DestinationPath
ci-steps.yml:27:122    - Unknown word (updatablehelp)            -- ArtifactStagingDirectory)\updatablehelp-$(Build.BuildId).zip
ci-steps.yml:27:39     - Unknown word (containerfolder)          -- vso[artifact.upload containerfolder=artifacts;artifactname
ci-steps.yml:27:65     - Unknown word (artifactname)             -- containerfolder=artifacts;artifactname=artifacts]$(Build.ArtifactSta
daily.yml:42:13     - Unknown word (securedevelopmentteam) -- - task: securedevelopmentteam.vss-secure-development
daily.yml:45:13     - Unknown word (securedevelopmentteam) -- - task: securedevelopmentteam.vss-secure-development
daily.yml:45:75     - Unknown word (policheck)             -- development-tools.build-task-policheck.PoliCheck@1
daily.yml:45:85     - Unknown word (Poli)                  -- build-task-policheck.PoliCheck@1
daily.yml:46:25     - Unknown word (Poli)                  -- displayName: 'Run PoliCheck'
daily.yml:52:16     - Unknown word (HMENABLE)              -- optionsHMENABLE: 0
daily.yml:54:16     - Unknown word (FTPATH)                -- optionsFTPATH: '$(Build.SourcesDirectory
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:254:54    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:260:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:260:60    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol doesn't support
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:326:4     - Unknown word (gcai)       -- - `gcai`
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:453:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:459:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:459:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:111:70    - Unknown word (serv)       -- names that begin with **serv**.
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:386:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:393:37    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:393:74    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- you get an error. The DCOM protocol does not
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:327:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:333:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:333:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:78:64     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:78:88     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="domain\user
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:92:52     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- class -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:92:76     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="Contoso\User
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:107:43    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- a CIM session using DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:109:63    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- the Distributed COM (DCOM) protocol instead of
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:112:49    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:171:28    - Unknown word (Prameter)   -- Parameter Sets: CertificatePrameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:26:16     - Unknown word (Prameter)   -- ### CertificatePrameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:48:28     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSession` creates a DCOM session to the local
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:180:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:231:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:248:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:267:18    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Accepted values: Dcom, Default, Wsman
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:35:5      - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### DcomParameterSet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:419:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:419:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:49:8      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Model (DCOM) options. Depending
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:50:4      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- of DCOM session options or returns
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:54:56     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session options object for DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:56:59     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- options object for the DCOM protocol and stores
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:62:38     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:94:23     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:94:47     - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:242:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:247:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:248:41    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:67:62     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- the character string **testvar** .
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:70:77     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"'
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:102:77    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**. Because the
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:103:3     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:110:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:113:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name="testvar"'
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:124:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:140:87    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**.
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:141:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:145:60    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:337:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:342:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:343:46    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:412:20    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- When you use the **Passthru** parameter, this cmdlet
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:79:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:89:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' |
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:96:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where Name="testvar"'
reference/5.1/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:97:60     - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:100:58    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- zip` file contains `Draftdoc.docx` and all the files
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:120:86    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- file only contains `Draftdoc.docx`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:207:93    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- subdirectory named `testsub`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:208:20    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- that contains the `testlog.txt` file.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:212:2     - Unknown word (testsub)    -- `testsub` and a **FileInfo**
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:212:38    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- *FileInfo** object `testlog.txt`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:221:45    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- object creates the `testsub` directory and contains
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:221:82    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- directory and contains the `testlog.txt` file,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:223:48    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- creates a duplicate `testlog.txt` in the archive
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:90:24     - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- Path = "C:\Reference\Draftdoc.docx", "C:\Reference
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Expand-Archive.md:58:22     - Unknown word (Draftv)     -- Expand-Archive -Path Draftv2.zip -DestinationPath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:150:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command creates the `serv` alias for the `Get
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:159:36    - Unknown word (serv)       -- New-Item -Path . -Name serv -Value Get-Service
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:249:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command deletes the `serv` alias from the current
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:253:25    - Unknown word (serv)       -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:serv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:11    - Unknown word (minvalue)   -- ([int32]::minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:32    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:42    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:243:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:246:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue + 1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:358:30    - Unknown word (filefilefile) -- 3 # result = "filefilefile"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:345:20    - Unknown word (Longlength) -- **Count** alias. **Longlength** is useful if the array
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:787:51    - Unknown word (Instrinsic) -- members, see [about_Instrinsic_Members][08].
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:982:59    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- string, int]]::new()['nosuchkey']
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:985:64    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- int]]::new().Item('nosuchkey')
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:986:43    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- Item": "The given key 'nosuchkey' was not present in
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:988:62    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- int]]::new().Item('nosuchkey' ...
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:218:18    - Unknown word (formatstring) -- formatstring='O'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:254:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:342:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:51:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:59:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:65:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:97:4      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - Specifies a format
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Character_Encoding.md:162:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:165:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:176:32    - Unknown word (nwhich)     -- Time to read $Book,`nwhich was published $Age years
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:317:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Constructors.md:447:13    - Unknown word (nondefault) -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:108:25    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- System.IFormattable,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:1418:13   - Unknown word (nondefault)  -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:429:14    - Unknown word (Pinkney)     -- 'Jerry Pinkney',
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:618:20    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- #### Implementing IFormattable
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:621:11    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- **System.IFormattable**. This interface enables
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:623:24    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- inherit from **System.IFormattable** and define the `ToString
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:703:29    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- Temperature : System.IFormattable {
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:205:54    - Unknown word (nonstatic)      -- GetVolume()` as an instance (nonstatic) method. This
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:32:1      - Unknown word (Nonterminating) -- Nonterminating errors written to the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:124:24    - Unknown word (Mikey)      -- DisplayName = 'Mikey Lombardi'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:125:24    - Unknown word (michaeltlombardi) -- UserName = 'michaeltlombardi'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:210:16    - Unknown word (Progra)     -- //localhost/c$/Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:219:2     - Unknown word (Progra)     -- /Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:161:36    - Unknown word (huas)       -- also known as chi-hua-huas -->
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:171:27    - Unknown word (binkies)    -- []` - also known as binkies -->
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:184:34    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- Name MyAlias -Value mycommand.exe
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:236:21    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- New-Alias MyAlias mycommand.exe
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:677:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:681:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:48:23     - Unknown word (proga)      -- **ProgressAction** (proga)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:499:10    - Unknown word (proga)      -- Aliases: proga
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:755:72    - Unknown word (defau)      -- Suspend [?] Help (defau
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:11    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell", "Shell
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:2     - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:11    - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:18    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:175:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:186:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:148:2     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- $scriptname = $MyInvocation.PSCommandPath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:373:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> Set-PSBreakpoint .
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:382:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> .\ttest19.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:383:28    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- Line breakpoint on 'C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:385:7     - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- At C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11 char
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:389:27    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- localhost]: [DBG]: PS C:\psscripts>> list
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:433:10    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- function psversion {
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:444:1     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- psversion
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:490:23    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:1 function psversion {
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:509:7     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- DBG> $scriptname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:515:2     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- `psversion` function.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:519:14    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:12 psversion
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:583:10    - Unknown word (delbr)      -- function delbr { gbp | rbp }
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:586:35    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- breakpoint on the `$scriptname` variable.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:589:43    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PSBreakpoint -variable scriptname -script test.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:595:23    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PS C:\ps-test> sbp -v scriptname -s test.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:278:27    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- command creates the `logfiles` directory on the `C
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:281:26    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- Item -Path c:\ -Name logfiles -Type directory
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:289:53    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- txt` file in the `C:\logfiles` directory and
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:293:19    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- New-Item -Path c:\logfiles -Name log2.txt -Type
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:298:45    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- log2.txt` in the `C:\logfiles` directory and adds
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:70:53     - Unknown word (filesystems) -- used. Linux and macOS filesystems support
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_For.md:352:60    - Unknown word (filenamess) -- sorted array of original filenamess at the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:130:2     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- $Parms = @{
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:135:16    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- Select-String @Parms
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:434:45    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- custom view is named **mygciview** and adds the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:449:2     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- $Parms = @{
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:453:16    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- Select-String @Parms
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:503:11    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- <Name>mygciview</Name>
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:129:39    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- the next line. The `-Autosize` parameter resizes the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:133:42    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Format-Table -Wrap -Autosize
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:194:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix = Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:195:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix | Where-Object {$_.LastWriteT
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters.md:733:50    - Unknown word (dynamicparameters) -- tab completion. Like **dynamicparameters**, the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:429:59    - Unknown word (Manag)      -- Remote Management (WS-Manag...
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Join.md:85:22     - Unknown word (ERSHELL)    -- a = "WIND", "S P", "ERSHELL"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:226:5     - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- - `[adsisearcher]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:238:5     - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- - `[cimclass]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:239:5     - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- - `[cimconverter]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:240:5     - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- - `[ciminstance]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:242:5     - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- - `[cimtype]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:244:5     - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- - `[cultureinfo]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:264:5     - Unknown word (mailaddress)  -- - `[mailaddress]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:273:5     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- - `[pscredential]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:276:5     - Unknown word (pslistmodifier) -- - `[pslistmodifier]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:278:5     - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- - `[psprimitivedictionary]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:283:5     - Unknown word (securestring)          -- - `[securestring]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:313:5     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- - `[wmiclass]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:314:5     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- - `[wmisearcher]`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:107:11    - Unknown word (autoloading) -- ## Module autoloading
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:114:8     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- Module autoloading allows you to use commands
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operator_Precedence.md:88:14     - Unknown word (coalese)    -- | `??` (null-coalese operator)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:130:28    - Unknown word (Nosuch)     -- example, `(Get-Item /Nosuch); $?` unexpectedly yields
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:277:15    - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- PS> $c = "get-executionpolicy"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:279:5     - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- get-executionpolicy
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSItem.md:109:60    - Unknown word (uppercases) -- the **ForEach** method uppercases the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSSnapins.md:119:17    - Unknown word (psconsolefile) -- PowerShell.exe -psconsolefile NewConsole.psc1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSSnapins.md:48:36     - Unknown word (pssnapin)   -- | Format-List name, pssnapin
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:133:24    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem -Path c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:134:18    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:135:39    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Exclude *.ppt -Path c:\techdocs
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:136:33    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- ChildItem -Exclude *.ppt c:\techdocs
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:130:62    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- expandable string, except metacharacters
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:132:23    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- - The argument-mode metacharacters (characters with special
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:182:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO A,B`      | argument
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:183:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO $AB`      | expression
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:184:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO :$AB`     | argument
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:190:1     - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- metacharacters that you want to use
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:191:1     - Unknown word (metacharacter)  -- metacharacter. For example, to use
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:214:28    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName "myVnet" `
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:241:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:350:7     - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- The **echoargs** parameter of `TestExe
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:355:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """""${env:ProgramFiles
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:356:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """""C:\Program Files
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:357:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs --% ""\""C:\Program
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:358:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs --% """C:\Program Files
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:474:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> Get-Item ~\repocache.clixml
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:480:51    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- 2 PM          88177 repocache.clixml
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:482:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> more.com ~\repocache.clixml
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:483:30    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- access file D:\temp\~\repocache.clixml
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Path_Syntax.md:21:16     - Unknown word (pathnames)  -- In PowerShell, pathnames can be one of two types
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_exe.md:296:27    - Unknown word (sqlsnapin)  -- PowerShell -PSConsoleFile sqlsnapin.psc1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1011:2    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- `hexdump.ps1` to illustrate the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1027:18   - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- when piped into `hexdump.ps1` created above.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1032:33   - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- powershell.exe -File .\hexdump.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1047:33   - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- powershell.exe -File .\hexdump.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:528:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:542:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:208:28    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- function Get-CmdletAlias ($cmdletname) {
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:210:55    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- .Definition -like "$cmdletname"} |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:219:4     - Unknown word (hosttime)   -- $hosttime = (Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:220:4     - Unknown word (hostversion) -- $hostversion="$($Host.Version.Major
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:221:45    - Unknown word (hostversion) -- WindowTitle = "PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:221:59    - Unknown word (hosttime)    -- PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:80:10     - Unknown word (fakepath)   -- dir C:\, fakepath 2>&1 > .\dir.log
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:38:32     - Unknown word (csplit)     -- , `-creplace`, or `-csplit`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:39:41     - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- statement, use the `-casesensitive` option
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:393:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts -Value *
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:401:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts *.fabrikam.com
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:55:20     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Get-Module AzureRM.Netcore | Remove-Module
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:56:28     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Requires -Modules AzureRM.Netcore
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:17    - Unknown word (Feld)       -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:22    - Unknown word (Benutzername) -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:35    - Unknown word (darf)         -- Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:40    - Unknown word (nicht)        -- Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:51    - Unknown word (sein)         -- Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:13    - Unknown word (Geben)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:23    - Unknown word (Ihren)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:29    - Unknown word (Benutzernamen) -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:14    - Unknown word (مرحبًا)        -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:21    - Unknown word (أيها)          -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:26    - Unknown word (العالَم)       -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:16    - Unknown word (يمكنك)         -- errorMsg1 = لا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخد
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:34    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- ا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:43    - Unknown word (فارغًا)        -- رك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:13    - Unknown word (يرجى)          -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:18    - Unknown word (إدخال)         -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:28    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:37    - Unknown word (الخاص)         -- إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:224:19    - Unknown word (Heute)         -- messageDate = Heute ist
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:225:10    - Unknown word (Sonntag)       -- d0 = Sonntag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:226:10    - Unknown word (Montag)        -- d1 = Montag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:227:10    - Unknown word (Dienstag)      -- d2 = Dienstag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:228:10    - Unknown word (Mittwoch)      -- d3 = Mittwoch
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:229:10    - Unknown word (Donnerstag)    -- d4 = Donnerstag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:230:10    - Unknown word (Freitag)       -- d5 = Freitag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:231:10    - Unknown word (Samstag)       -- d6 = Samstag
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:68:22     - Unknown word (msgtable)   -- stores them in the `$msgtable` variable.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:154:20    - Unknown word (dayofyear)  -- $date = (get-date).dayofyear
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:184:42    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- connection $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:14    - Unknown word (pssession)   -- $s = new-pssession $computername -erroraction
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:39    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- pssession $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:341:25    - Unknown word (juneb)       -- Directory: C:\Users\juneb\Documents\WindowsPowerShell
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Session_Configurations.md:179:1     - Unknown word (ugin)       -- ugin
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:195:37    - Unknown word (codesigning) -- cert:\CurrentUser\my -codesigning
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:233:2     - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- [cmdletbinding()]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:278:2     - Unknown word (Certmgr)       -- `Certmgr.exe` to export your
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:104:53    - Unknown word (nbetween)   -- create a blank line`n`nbetween the words."
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:155:37    - Unknown word (vbetween)   -- There is a vertical tab`vbetween the words."
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:462:34    - Unknown word (simplematch) -- test" -split ".", 0, "simplematch"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:75:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:76:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:92:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:93:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:99:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname/:/FirstName/:/Address
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:81:28     - Unknown word (actsetup)   -- Get-Content C:\windows\actsetup.log
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:236:4     - Unknown word (hkcu)           -- cd hkcu:\Software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:351:5     - Unknown word (itemproperty)   -- new-itemproperty -path MyCompany -Name
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:519:20    - Unknown word (rollbackpreference) -- start-transaction -rollbackpreference Never
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:584:4     - Unknown word (tostring)           -- $t.tostring()
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:597:21    - Unknown word (tostring)           -- use-transaction {$s.tostring()} -usetx
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:615:4     - Unknown word (tostring)           -- $t.tostring()
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:678:5     - Unknown word (itemproperty)       -- new-itemproperty -path MyCompany -name
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:79:5      - Unknown word (psprovider) -- get-psprovider | where {$_.Capabilities
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Transactions.md:95:8      - Unknown word (USETRANSACTION) -- ## THE USETRANSACTION PARAMETER
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:117:3     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- | wmiclass
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:118:3     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- | wmisearcher |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:29:3      - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- | adsisearcher | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:40:3      - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- | cimclass
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:41:3      - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- | cimconverter | [Microsoft
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:42:3      - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- | ciminstance |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:44:3      - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- | cimtype
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:46:3      - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- | cultureinfo |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:56:3      - Unknown word (initialsessionstate) -- | initialsessionstate | [System.Management
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:64:3      - Unknown word (mailaddress)         -- | mailaddress |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:71:3      - Unknown word (psaliasproperty)     -- | psaliasproperty | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:72:3      - Unknown word (pscredential)        -- | pscredential | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:75:3      - Unknown word (pslistmodifier)      -- | pslistmodifier | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:76:3      - Unknown word (psmoduleinfo)        -- | psmoduleinfo | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:77:3      - Unknown word (psnoteproperty)      -- | psnoteproperty | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:79:3      - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- | psprimitivedictionary | [System.Management
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:80:3      - Unknown word (psscriptmethod)        -- | psscriptmethod | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:81:3      - Unknown word (psscriptproperty)      -- | psscriptproperty | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:83:3      - Unknown word (psvariable)            -- | psvariable |
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:84:3      - Unknown word (psvariableproperty)    -- | psvariableproperty | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:88:3      - Unknown word (runspacefactory)       -- | runspacefactory | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:91:3      - Unknown word (securestring)          -- | securestring | [System
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:109:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot = (Get-Item /) -as
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:110:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot.GetType().FullName
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:124:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:129:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:185:10    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- PS> (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:188:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:191:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Array]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:194:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) | foreach {
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:200:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Object]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:218:8     - Unknown word (Typedata)   -- Update-Typedata -PrependPath $PSHOME
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:463:42    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- `ToDateTime` and `ToDmtfDateTime` static methods
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:479:55    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- nagementDateTimeConverter]::ToDmtfDateTime($args[0])
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:155:16    - Unknown word (Literalpath) -- Get-ChildItem -Literalpath ?
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:230:27    - Unknown word (serv)        -- command deletes the `serv` variable from the current
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:234:32    - Unknown word (serv)        -- Variable -Path Variable:serv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI.md:23:18     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Classic WMI uses DCOM to communicate with
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI.md:25:29     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- remove the dependency on DCOM. This CIM provider model
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:100:2     - Unknown word (WMICLASS)    -- [WMICLASS] - A shortcut for accessing
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:104:2     - Unknown word (WMISEARCHER) -- [WMISEARCHER] is a type accelerator
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:111:58    - Unknown word (Handlecount) -- Win32_Process where Handlecount > 1000'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:112:20    - Unknown word (handlecount) -- PS> $s.Get() |sort handlecount |ft handlecount,__path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:112:36    - Unknown word (handlecount) -- sort handlecount |ft handlecount,__path,name -auto
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:124:2     - Unknown word (WMICLASS)    -- [WMICLASS] is a type accelerator
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:131:11    - Unknown word (WMICLASS)    -- PS> $c = [WMICLASS]"root\cimv2:WIn32_Process
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:138:3     - Unknown word (RELPATH)     -- __RELPATH : Win32_Process
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:190:14    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- WMI uses the DCOM (Distributed COM) and
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:191:59    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- many firewalls block DCOM and RPC
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:31:24     - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- Management Task Force (DMTF). You can use WMI to
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:61:12     - Unknown word (wmiobject)  -- C:\PS> get-wmiobject win32_bios | format
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:69:5      - Unknown word (wmiobject)  -- get-wmiobject -query $wql -computername
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:77:18     - Unknown word (wmiobject)  -- C:\PS> $np = get-wmiobject -query $wql
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:78:21     - Unknown word (wmiobject)  -- C:\PS> $np | remove-wmiobject
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:85:49     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Component Object Model (DCOM) to connect to and manage
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:86:60     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- some systems to allow DCOM connections.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:87:35     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- settings and locked-down DCOM permissions can block
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WMI_Cmdlets.md:98:2      - Unknown word (WMISEARCHER) -- [WMISEARCHER] - A shortcut for searching
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:210:14    - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- ## Using the wmisearcher type accelerator
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:212:7     - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- The `[wmisearcher]` type accelerator creates
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:217:9     - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- Using `[wmisearcher]`, you gain easy access
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:221:14    - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- To use the `[wmisearcher]` type accelerator:
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:277:2     - Unknown word (biosname)    -- $biosname = [wmisearcher]"Select
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:278:2     - Unknown word (biosname)    -- $biosname.Get()
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:442:43    - Unknown word (Hotepad)     -- return any process from `Hotepad.exe` through `Notepad
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:446:61    - Unknown word (otepad)      -- WHERE Name LIKE '[H-N]otepad.exe'"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:481:58    - Unknown word (ASWPRCUN)    -- Process WHERE name LIKE '[^ASWPRCUN]%'"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:508:67    - Unknown word (czlc)        -- `calc.exe` through `czlc.exe`, or
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:616:7     - Unknown word (Intall)      -- the **IntallDate** property. The
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_WQL.md:91:13     - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- - Use the `[wmisearcher]` type accelerator.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:22:48     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- the files in the `C:\Techdocs` directory with a
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:26:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\*.ppt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:61:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\[a-l]*.txt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:141:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:19:45     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- InputObject] <PSObject[]>] [-Passthru] [<CommonParameters
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:164:4     - Unknown word (asnp)        -- - `asnp`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:49:50     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Registered | Add-PSSnapin -Passthru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:68:37     - Unknown word (installutil) -- command creates an alias, installutil, for the path of the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:91:19     - Unknown word (installutil) -- PS C:\> Set-Alias installutil $env:windir\Microsoft
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:91:78     - Unknown word (installutil) -- Framework\v2.0.50727\installutil.exe
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:92:9      - Unknown word (installutil) -- PS C:\> installutil C:\Dev\Management\ManagementC
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:94:13     - Unknown word (pssnapin)    -- PS C:\> add-pssnapin ManagementFeatures
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-PSSnapin.md:96:33     - Unknown word (pssnapin)    -- Get-Command Set-Alias).pssnapin
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:106:46    - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:207:51    - Unknown word (pwrshplugin) -- : %windir%\system32\pwrshplugin.dll
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:218:5     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- IdleTimeoutms : 7
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:222:81    - Unknown word (GXGW)        -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GXGW;;;WD)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:224:8     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- MaxIdleTimeoutms : 2147
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:542:4     - Unknown word (dnsn)        -- - `dnsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:80:25     - Unknown word (GXGWGR)     -- sddl = "O:NSG:BAD:P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:80:41     - Unknown word (GAGR)       -- P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1-5-21-12345678
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:116:19    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process: 1520]: [RSDBG: 4]: PS C:\>
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:131:17    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:346]: [RSDBG: 3]: PS C:\> exit
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:711:4     - Unknown word (etsn)       -- - `etsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Exit-PSSession.md:105:4     - Unknown word (exsn)       -- - `exsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:115:24    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Command -Name Get-Childitem -Args Cert: -Syntax
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:203:63    - Unknown word (Moduletype) -- Table -Property Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:203:81    - Unknown word (Groupby)    -- Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:331:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:352:79    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- create a session on the RSDGF03 remote
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:357:1     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- RSDGF03 computer. The command
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:690:29    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-PSSnapin.md:132:4     - Unknown word (gsnp)       -- - `gsnp`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1243:29   - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1254:61   - Unknown word (modulename) -- Get-Command -Module modulename` to see which members
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:295:57    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Calendar -AsCustomObject -Passthru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:519:76    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- remote computer named RSDGF03. The session
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:522:2     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- `RSDGF03` computer.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:533:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Invoke-Command.md:1261:23   - Unknown word (Autiomation) -- **System.Management.Autiomation.Remoting.PSSessionOption
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-Module.md:228:11    - Unknown word (Manoj)      -- $m.hello("Manoj")
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-ModuleManifest.md:211:8     - Unknown word (JKBC)       -- 'JKBC'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSession.md:151:58    - Unknown word (Corpnet)    -- ComputerName Server1.Domain44.Corpnet.Fabrikam.com -Credential
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:1071:4    - Unknown word (npssc)      -- - `npssc`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:158:52    - Unknown word (slst)       -- AliasDefinitions = @(@{Name='slst';Value='Select-String
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:193:30    - Unknown word (TESTSHARE)  -- EnvironmentVariables = @{TESTSHARE='\\Test2\Test'}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:27    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format (like `ja
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:3     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:342:14    - Unknown word (Timeoutms)    -- the **MaxIdleTimeoutms** property of the session
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:386:46    - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- SPNs, such as by using `Setspn.exe`, that are registered
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:390:2     - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- [Setspn Overview](/previous
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format, such as
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.md:142:6     - Unknown word (lineoutput) -- `out-lineoutput : The method or operation
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:108:50    - Unknown word (fakeservice) -- criptBlock {Get-Service dhcp, fakeservice}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:613:4     - Unknown word (rcjb)        -- - `rcjb`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:148:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:155:20    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Receive-PSSession @parms
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:250:6     - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> $parms = @{
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:258:21    - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> Invoke-Command @parms
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:898:4     - Unknown word (rcsn)       -- - `rcsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:101:67    - Unknown word (newshell)   -- PSSession -ConfigurationName newshell`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:123:15    - Unknown word (Descritor)  -- the **SecurityDescritorSDDL** parameter to specify
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:55    - Unknown word (FASA)       -- P(AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:60    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-PSSession.md:108:7     - Unknown word (Serv)       -- with `Serv`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-PSSnapin.md:158:4     - Unknown word (rsnp)       -- - `rsnp`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Resume-Job.md:399:4     - Unknown word (rujb)       -- - `rujb`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:141:64    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- files in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:150:20    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:165:13    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Start-Job.md:583:4     - Unknown word (sajb)       -- - `sajb`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Stop-Job.md:412:4     - Unknown word (spjb)       -- - `spjb`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:102:66    - Unknown word (Logflow)    -- cmdlet to suspend the `LogflowJob` job. The job runs
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:113:32    - Unknown word (Logflow)    -- SystemLog -AsJob -JobName "LogflowJob"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:114:15    - Unknown word (Logflow)    -- Get-Job -Name LogflowJob
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:124:19    - Unknown word (Logflow)    -- Suspend-Job -Name LogflowJob
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:434:4     - Unknown word (sujb)       -- - `sujb`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Suspend-Job.md:99:57     - Unknown word (Logflow)    -- cmdlet to get the `LogflowJob` workflow job. The
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Test-ModuleManifest.md:47:42     - Unknown word (modulemanifest) -- TestModule.psd1" | test-modulemanifest
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Unregister-PSSessionConfiguration.md:91:47     - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:261:20    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- if (Test-Path $mdir\*helpinfo.xml)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:264:24    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- $mNodes = dir $mdir\*helpinfo.xml -ErrorAction
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Export-Counter.md:77:32     - Unknown word (Workingset) -- which saves it in the `Workingset.blg` file in the `Perf
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:424:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Counter -Counter
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:425:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs.CounterSamples | Sort
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:443:76    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- result is stored in the `$Procs` variable. The
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:444:3     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- `$Procs` variable with the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:559:21    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:566:44    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- Level=3 and TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:597:3     - Unknown word (Logname)    -- Logname='Application'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:819:86    - Unknown word (Logname)    -- WinEvent -LogName $_.Logname }`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:109:60    - Unknown word (Ctrs)           -- rocessorData.blg -Counter $intCtrs
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:121:6     - Unknown word (Ctrs)           -- `$intCtrs` variable. It uses the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:124:68    - Unknown word (Ctrs)           -- counter paths in the `$intCtrs` variable.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:253:46    - Unknown word (netlog)         -- pdata.blg", "D:\samples\netlog.blg" | Import-Counter
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:98:21     - Unknown word (Countersamples) -- $intCtrs = $Data[0].Countersamples | Where-Object {$_.Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:98:5      - Unknown word (Ctrs)       -- $intCtrs = $Data[0].Countersamples
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Import-Counter.md:99:5      - Unknown word (Ctrs)           -- $intCtrs
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.md:90:16     - Unknown word (Elasped)    -- to the **PolicyElaspedTimeInSeconds** field
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:88:2      - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- $sharepath = '\\Server01\Transcripts
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:94:32     - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- Transcript = Join-Path -Path $sharepath -ChildPath $filename
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Add-LocalGroupMember.md:195:4     - Unknown word (algm)       -- - `algm`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Add-LocalGroupMember.md:206:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Add-LocalGroupMember.md:58:48     - Unknown word (Entra)      -- account, a Microsoft Entra account, and a domain
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Disable-LocalUser.md:185:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Enable-LocalUser.md:186:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Get-LocalGroup.md:120:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Get-LocalGroupMember.md:153:4     - Unknown word (glgm)       -- - `glgm`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Get-LocalGroupMember.md:161:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Get-LocalUser.md:154:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalGroup.md:184:7     - Unknown word (IUSRS)      -- - IIS_IUSRS
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalGroup.md:201:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalGroupMember.md:191:4     - Unknown word (rlgm)       -- - `rlgm`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalGroupMember.md:199:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalGroupMember.md:56:79     - Unknown word (Entra)      -- account, a Microsoft Entra account,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Remove-LocalUser.md:175:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Rename-LocalGroup.md:185:4     - Unknown word (rnlg)       -- - `rnlg`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Rename-LocalGroup.md:193:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Rename-LocalUser.md:183:4     - Unknown word (rnlu)       -- - `rnlu`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Rename-LocalUser.md:191:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Set-LocalGroup.md:192:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.LocalAccounts/Set-LocalUser.md:320:13    - Unknown word (Entra)      -- - Microsoft Entra group
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Computer.md:144:24    - Unknown word (pscredential) -- joinCred = New-Object pscredential -ArgumentList ([pscustomobjec
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Complete-Transaction.md:182:14    - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Complete-Transaction.md:38:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Complete-Transaction.md:81:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:149:26    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:149:40    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:174:32    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Item` cmdlet copies `scriptingexample.ps1` from the `D:\Folder
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:180:25    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Copy-Item "D:\Folder004\scriptingexample.ps1" -Destination "C
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:180:79    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- estination "C:\Folder004_Copy\scriptingexample_copy.ps1" -ToSession
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:6:1       - Unknown word (Yuponline)  -- Yuponline version: https://learn
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:76:22     - Unknown word (Logfiles)   -- Copy-Item "C:\Wabash\Logfiles\mar1604.log.txt" -Destination
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:81:45     - Unknown word (Logfiles)   -- contents of the `C:\Logfiles` directory into the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:82:17     - Unknown word (Logfiles)   -- directory. The `Logfiles` directory isn't copied
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:84:9      - Unknown word (Logfiles)   -- If the `Logfiles` directory has files
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:89:21     - Unknown word (Logfiles)   -- Copy-Item -Path "C:\Logfiles\*" -Destination "C:
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.md:196:66    - Unknown word (hiddenfile) -- hidden files such as `hiddenfile.txt` that have a mode
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:255:26    - Unknown word (bytearray)  -- Member -InputObject $bytearray
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-EventLog.md:147:56    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- InstanceId 10016 -Source DCOM
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:37:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:47:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:57:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:65:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.md:105:14    - Unknown word (psprovider) -- PS C:\> (get-psprovider FileSystem).home
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.md:260:78    - Unknown word (Windowtitle) -- Table Id, Name, mainWindowtitle -AutoSize
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:122:53    - Unknown word (dependentservices) -- dentServices"; Expression={$_.dependentservices.count}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:73:1      - Unknown word (xmlprov)    -- xmlprov, the Network Provisioning
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:76:14     - Unknown word (Displayname) -- Get-Service -Displayname "*network*"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Transaction.md:118:14    - Unknown word (hklm)       -- Set-Location hklm:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Transaction.md:179:14    - Unknown word (hklm)       -- Set-Location hklm:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Transaction.md:80:14     - Unknown word (hklm)       -- Set-Location hklm:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Transaction.md:99:14     - Unknown word (hklm)       -- Set-Location hklm:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-WmiObject.md:311:69    - Unknown word (ntlmdomain) -- authority setting to `ntlmdomain:<DomainName>`, where
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-WmiObject.md:624:4     - Unknown word (gwmi)       -- - `gwmi`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Invoke-WmiMethod.md:105:3     - Unknown word (Wmiclass)   -- ([Wmiclass]'Win32_Process').Create
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Invoke-WmiMethod.md:280:2     - Unknown word (ntlmdomain) -- `ntlmdomain:<DomainName>`, where
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Invoke-WmiMethod.md:554:4     - Unknown word (iwmi)       -- - `iwmi`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:243:41    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use `Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:243:53    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join`, or other path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:21:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:28:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:35:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:44:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:54:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:89:41     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- creates a directory named "Logfiles" in the `C:` drive.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:93:29     - Unknown word (logfiles)     -- Item -Path "c:\" -Name "logfiles" -ItemType "directory
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:100:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:114:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring[0]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:100:16    - Unknown word (myservice)   -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe" arg1 arg2'`. These
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:62:57     - Unknown word (testservice) -- Service -Filter "Name='testservice'"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:96:64     - Unknown word (myservice)   -- example, `d:\my share\myservice.exe` should be specified
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:97:16     - Unknown word (myservice)   -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe"'`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Register-WmiEvent.md:74:28     - Unknown word (instancecreationevent) -- Query = "select * from __instancecreationevent within 5 where targetinstance
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Register-WmiEvent.md:74:65     - Unknown word (targetinstance)        -- ecreationevent within 5 where targetinstance isa 'win32_process'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Computer.md:61:24     - Unknown word (Domaincredential) -- Remove-Computer -UnjoinDomaincredential Domain01\Admin01 -PassThru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.md:122:21    - Unknown word (nteventlogfile) -- Get-WmiObject win32_nteventlogfile -Filter "logfilename
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.md:122:45    - Unknown word (logfilename)    -- nteventlogfile -Filter "logfilename='TestLog'" | foreach
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.md:132:21    - Unknown word (nteventlogfile) -- Get-WmiObject win32_nteventlogfile -Filter "logfilename
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-EventLog.md:132:45    - Unknown word (logfilename)    -- nteventlogfile -Filter "logfilename='TestLog'"} | foreach
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:54:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:62:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-WmiObject.md:183:68    - Unknown word (ntlmdomain) -- authority setting to ntlmdomain:\<DomainName\>, where
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-WmiObject.md:445:4     - Unknown word (rwmi)       -- - `rwmi`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.md:188:57    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- parameter are: WSMan and DCOM.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.md:189:22    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- The default value is DCOM.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Computer.md:197:18    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Accepted values: DCOM, WSMan
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.md:47:23     - Unknown word (logfiles)   -- Rename-Item -Path "c:\logfiles\daily_file.txt" -NewName
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:44:126    - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- SmpApplication" key to "oldconfig".
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:47:79     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- Name config -NewName oldconfig
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:232:4     - Unknown word (rvpa)       -- - `rvpa`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:102:3     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- **DcomAuthentication** parameter
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:112:2     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Creds = Get-Credential
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:113:52    - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Names -Credential $Creds -Force -ThrottleLimit
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:118:73    - Unknown word (Creds)      -- values in the variable `$Creds`. `Restart-Computer
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:140:1     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- DCOM. Kerberos authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:143:54    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- enterprises in which DCOM-based restarts fail
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:143:87    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- restarts fail because DCOM is
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:21:20     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Restart-Computer [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:237:6     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### -DcomAuthentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:30:29     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Computer [-AsJob] [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:361:3     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- **DCOM**.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:49:25     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Component Object Model (DCOM) calls are blocked,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:97:67     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Impersonation Anonymous -DcomAuthentication PacketIntegrity
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:40:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:48:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:21:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:29:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:37:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:45:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:53:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:22:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:30:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:38:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:46:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:54:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:139:60    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- environment -Argument @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:139:84    - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="<SYSTEM>
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:163:26    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- command creates the testvar environment variable
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:163:74    - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- variable that has the value testvalue. It does this by
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:309:68    - Unknown word (ntlmdomain) -- authority setting to ntlmdomain:\<DomainName\>, where
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-WmiInstance.md:598:4     - Unknown word (swmi)       -- - `swmi`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:368:65    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:368:79    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:21:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:65:26     - Unknown word (myfile)       -- Start-Process -FilePath "myfile.txt" -WorkingDirectory
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Transaction.md:112:23    - Unknown word (rollbackpreference) -- Start-Transaction (-rollbackpreference never)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Transaction.md:238:14    - Unknown word (hkcu)               -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Transaction.md:55:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Transaction.md:68:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Transaction.md:89:23     - Unknown word (rollbackpreference) -- Start-Transaction (-rollbackpreference error)
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:192:6     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### -DcomAuthentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:21:26     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Computer [-AsJob] [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:268:22    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- are: **WSMan** and **DCOM**. The default value
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:268:53    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- The default value is **DCOM**.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:276:18    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Accepted values: DCOM, WSMan
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:280:16    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Default value: DCOM
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:83:66     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Impersonation Anonymous -DcomAuthentication PacketIntegrity
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Computer.md:87:76     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- impersonation and the **DcomAuthentication**
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Stop-Process.md:78:50     - Unknown word (namein)     -- includes the process namein addition to its ID,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:43:27     - Unknown word (usingthe)   -- resumed, such as by usingthe `Resume-Service` cmdlet
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:64:13     - Unknown word (lanman)     -- starts with lanman. To suspend the services
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:21:28     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Connection [-AsJob] [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:269:6     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### -DcomAuthentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:30:28     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Connection [-AsJob] [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:345:68    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- for this parameter are DCOM and WSMan.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:351:18    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Accepted values: DCOM, WSMan
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:39:19     - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- Test-Connection [-DcomAuthentication <Authentication
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:21:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:29:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:37:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:45:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseTransaction]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:505:38    - Unknown word (Normpath)     -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:505:52    - Unknown word (Realpath)     -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Undo-Transaction.md:51:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Undo-Transaction.md:63:14     - Unknown word (hkcu)       -- Set-Location hkcu:\software
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:59:63     - Unknown word (makexml)    -- ps1, sign-file.ps1, makexml.ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:88:79     - Unknown word (Pathor)     -- AsByteStream) -SourcePathorExtension ps1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Protect-CmsMessage.md:78:14     - Unknown word (KEYEXCHANGE) -- KeySpec = AT_KEYEXCHANGE
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:22:4      - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:29:59     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- AclObject] <Object> [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:344:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:37:32     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-AuthenticodeSignature.md:94:46     - Unknown word (Mysign)     -- Certificate -FilePath C:\Test\Mysign.pfx
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.md:315:40    - Unknown word (beginprint) -- n <= 0 then () else beginprint_endline (string_of_int
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Add-Type.md:315:51    - Unknown word (endline)    -- then () else beginprint_endline (string_of_int n);loop
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Convert-String.md:31:42     - Unknown word (Akers)      -- , "David Ahs", "Kim Akers" | Convert-String -Example
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:176:1     - Unknown word (Vincentio)  -- Vincentio = Heaven doth with us
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:176:133   - Unknown word (twere)      -- not go forth of us, 'twere all alike\nAs if we
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:75:72     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- ConvertTo-Html | Out-File pslog.htm
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:78:43     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- an HTML page called `pslog.htm` that displays the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:83:49     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:85:75     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.md:91:18     - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:1152]: [RSDBG: 2]: PS C:\> >
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.md:354:4     - Unknown word (epal)       -- - `epal`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:103:3     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:66:2      - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- $fileacl = Import-Clixml -Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:74:21     - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- the object in the `$fileacl` variable.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:87:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:88:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:89:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:90:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:595:4     - Unknown word (epcsv)      -- - `epcsv`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:49:57     - Unknown word (allformat)  -- Export-FormatData -Path "allformat.ps1xml" -IncludeScriptBlock
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:66:32     - Unknown word (helpinfoshort) -- FormatData -TypeName "helpinfoshort"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-PSSession.md:474:4     - Unknown word (epsn)       -- - `epsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:160:13    - Unknown word (fileinfo)   -- `[system.io.fileinfo]` are supported.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:106:51    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- Format-Table -View mygciview
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:124:73    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- specify the custom view **mygciview** that includes
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.md:49:64     - Unknown word (pschildname) -- Format-Wide -Property pschildname -AutoSize
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:147:70    - Unknown word (Dayof)      -- is evaluated by the **DayofYear** property.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:333:53    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffff` (case-sensitive, using
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:338:69    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffffZ` (case-sensitive,
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.md:116:22    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- $Subscriber.action).gettype().fullname
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:100:2     - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- $pkgurl = 'https://github.com
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:102:54    - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- InputStream ($wc.OpenRead($pkgurl))
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.md:107:15    - Unknown word (bitstransfer) -- Import-Module bitstransfer
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.md:56:26     - Unknown word (pscallstack) -- : PS C:\ps-test>get-pscallstack
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:100:43    - Unknown word (processname) -- Object | Select-Object processname | Get-Unique -AsString
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:46:11     - Unknown word (tolower)    -- $line.tolower().split(" ")
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.md:208:4     - Unknown word (ipal)       -- - `ipal`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:77:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:78:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:79:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:80:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:93:3      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:458:4     - Unknown word (ipcsv)      -- - `ipcsv`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:174:66    - Unknown word (zunz)       -- af97-1154f9317239_tcw1zunz.ttf
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:176:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf\tmp_79468106-4e
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:177:5     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- tcw1zunz.ttf.psm1
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:182:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:611:4     - Unknown word (ipsn)       -- - `ipsn`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:78:40     - Unknown word (testscript) -- Command "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:79:13     - Unknown word (testscript) -- "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1" | Invoke-Expression
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:112:39    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- offset":0,"result":{"sourcetype":"contoso1","count"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:114:39    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- offset":1,"result":{"sourcetype":"contoso2","count"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:116:39    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- offset":2,"result":{"sourcetype":"contoso3","count"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:118:39    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- offset":3,"result":{"sourcetype":"contoso4","count"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:93:71     - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- table index,host,source,sourcetype,_raw"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:136:59    - Unknown word (unkownhost) -- Uri "www.microsoft.com/unkownhost"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:437:32    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- pipeline, use the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:127:20    - Unknown word (serviceyrs) -- Import-Csv d:\test\serviceyrs.csv | Measure-Object
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:137:42    - Unknown word (psiscontainer) -- Measure-Object -Property psiscontainer -Maximum -Sum -Minimum
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:102:2     - Unknown word (Objshell)   -- $Objshell = New-Object -COMObject
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:103:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell | Get-Member
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:104:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell.ToggleDesktop()
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:48:21     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- New-Variable -Name "zipcode" -Value 98033
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:51:39     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- creates a variable named zipcode and assigns it the value
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:100:26    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- process objects in `$Procs` to the file **Process
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:141:32    - Unknown word (operartors) -- and the redirection operartors (`>` and `>>`) to 2
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:150:26    - Unknown word (logfile)    -- $logFile = "$pwd\logfile.txt"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:93:2      - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Process
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:94:48     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- Process.txt -InputObject $Procs -Encoding ASCII -Width
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:98:39     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- stored in the variable, `$Procs`. `Out-File` uses the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:191:46    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- equivalent to the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:376:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:380:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net name:net`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:66:17     - Unknown word (Osan)       -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:66:23     - Unknown word (Koforidua)  -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.md:83:28     - Unknown word (messagedata) -- Event: {0}" -f $event.messagedata | Out-File c:\temp\MyEvents
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:407:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject = [PSCustomObject]@
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:412:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:143:59    - Unknown word (innerxml)   -- Expression= {($_.node.innerxml).trim()}}, Path -AutoSize
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:225:29    - Unknown word (Innerxml)   -- ForEach-Object {$_.Node.Innerxml}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.md:24:43     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- MailPriority>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-UseSsl] [-Port
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:263:66    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Property Name, Options -Autosize`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:419:47    - Unknown word (aliasname)  -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:aliasname`.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:154:32    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- PSBreakpoint -Command "checklog"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:156:12    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- Command : checklog
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:166:5     - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- PS> Checklog
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:168:40    - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- breakpoint on 'prompt:Checklog'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Show-Command.md:330:4     - Unknown word (shcm)       -- - `shcm`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.md:70:65     - Unknown word (processname) -- proc | Select-Object processname,handles
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:352:4     - Unknown word (trcm)             -- - `trcm`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:47:30     - Unknown word (parameterbinding) -- Command -Name metadata,parameterbinding,cmdlet -Expression
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.md:383:3     - Unknown word (Noteproperty) -- - Noteproperty
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.md:65:8      - Unknown word (Autoreset)  -- $Timer.Autoreset = $False
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Information.md:141:2     - Unknown word (psproc)     -- $psproc = Get-Process -Id $PID
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Information.md:142:33    - Unknown word (psproc)     -- Information -MessageData $psproc -Tags 'PowerShell'
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:138:49    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 0 "Step $i - Substep $j"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:140:52    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 1 "Step $i - Substep $j - iteration $k"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:154:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:163:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:243:65    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:264:57    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- itialization parameter named "testparametername"
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:270:21    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- -ParamName testparametername `
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:271:22    - Unknown word (testparametervalue) -- -ParamValue testparametervalue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:561:35    - Unknown word (PCWSTR)             -- represents the XML as a **PCWSTR** memory buffer.
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Disconnect-WSMan.md:44:4      - Unknown word (Outpue)     -- ```Outpue
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:217:10    - Unknown word (UBPO)       -- Aliases: UBPO, Base
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:485:31    - Unknown word (objectandepr) -- values: object, epr, objectandepr
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:108:28    - Unknown word (startservice)     -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:302:29    - Unknown word (stopservice)      -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmicimv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:48:28     - Unknown word (startservice) -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:68:28     - Unknown word (stopservice)  -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:89:109    - Unknown word (currentdirectory) -- commandline="notepad.exe";currentdirectory="C:\"}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:214:29    - Unknown word (stopservice) -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmi/cimv
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:404:28    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- WmiInstance` uses the DCOM connection/transport
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Remove-WSManInstance.md:360:64    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- similar. They use the DCOM connection/transport
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:103:40    - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb ="200"}`
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:79:68     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb = "200"}
reference/5.1/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:94:36     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- sets the **MaxEnvelopeSizekb** value to 200 on the
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Enable-WSManTrace.md:36:23     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- The session is named `wsmlog`.
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:103:23    - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- Accepted values: bin, bincirc, csv, tsv, sql
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:40:28     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- SessionName = 'wsmlog'
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:42:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraces)  -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraces.log"
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:43:28     - Unknown word (bincirc)    -- Format = 'bincirc'
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:48:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraceproviders) -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraceproviders.txt"
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:94:3      - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- - bincirc - binary with circular
reference/5.1/PSDiagnostics/Stop-Trace.md:38:26     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- Trace -SessionName 'wsmlog'
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:122:4     - Unknown word (asplaintext) -- - `asplaintext`
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:124:4     - Unknown word (apikey)      -- - `apikey`
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:161:79    - Unknown word (ysdfayf)     -- AsPlainText) -Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:161:89    - Unknown word (hfasd)       -- Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret2' has
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:202:6     - Unknown word (PGPASS)      -- $env:PGPASS = gcloud auth print
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:225:5     - Unknown word (Autoadjusts) -- - Autoadjusts the size based on the
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:338:13    - Unknown word (Rubout)     -- ### UnixWordRubout
reference/5.1/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:431:15    - Unknown word (Begining)   -- ### ViInsertAtBegining
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs.md:99:28     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ContinueIfGoingOnBattery -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Advanced.md:214:53    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- splatting to create `$JobParms` which are parameter
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Advanced.md:217:39    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- ScheduledJob` uses `@JobParms` to create a scheduled
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Advanced.md:222:5     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- $JobParms = @{
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Advanced.md:228:27    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- Register-ScheduledJob @JobParms
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Basics.md:183:19    - Unknown word (Parms)      -- The splatted `$JobParms` are passed to the
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Basics.md:81:53     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- splatting to create `$JobParms` which are parameter
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Basics.md:84:39     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- ScheduledJob` uses `@JobParms` to create a scheduled
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Basics.md:88:5      - Unknown word (Parms)      -- $JobParms = @{
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/About/about_Scheduled_Jobs_Basics.md:94:27     - Unknown word (Parms)      -- Register-ScheduledJob @JobParms
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Disable-ScheduledJob.md:128:68    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- GlobalID, Command -Autosize
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Disable-ScheduledJob.md:62:29     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ScheduledJob -ID 2 -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Disable-ScheduledJob.md:72:42     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Disable-ScheduledJob -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Enable-ScheduledJob.md:60:28     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ScheduledJob -ID 2 -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Get-ScheduledJobOption.md:84:76     - Unknown word (Waketo)     -- RunElevated -and !$_.WaketoRun}
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Get-ScheduledJobOption.md:86:76     - Unknown word (Waketo)     -- RunElevated -and !$_.WaketoRun} |
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/New-ScheduledJobOption.md:141:97    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Property Name, Value -Autosize
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Register-ScheduledJob.md:214:85    - Unknown word (Energydata)  -- computer, even though the `Energydata.ps1`
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Register-ScheduledJob.md:604:34    - Unknown word (schtasks)    -- Task Scheduler, the `schtasks.exe` command-line tool
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Register-ScheduledJob.md:62:74     - Unknown word (untriggered) -- any time, or save the untriggered scheduled job
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-JobTrigger.md:127:3     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- **Passthru** parameter to return
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-JobTrigger.md:72:90     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Wednesday", "Sunday" -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-JobTrigger.md:88:20     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- command uses the **Passthru** parameter to return
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJob.md:106:12    - Unknown word (Passthru)    -- uses the **Passthru** parameter to return
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJob.md:63:74     - Unknown word (untriggered) -- any time, or save the untriggered scheduled job
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJob.md:91:101    - Unknown word (Passthru)    -- FullInventory.ps1" -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJobOption.md:105:46    - Unknown word (Opton)      -- the `Set-ScheduledJobOpton` cmdlet to change the
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJobOption.md:106:85    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- The command uses the **Passthru**
reference/5.1/PSScheduledJob/Set-ScheduledJobOption.md:80:63     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- RequireNetwork:$false -Passthru
reference/5.1/PSWorkflow/About/about_Checkpoint-Workflow.md:57:11     - Unknown word (CHECKPOINTING) -- ### OTHER CHECKPOINTING TECHNIQUES
reference/5.1/PSWorkflow/About/about_Checkpoint-Workflow.md:60:1      - Unknown word (checkpointing) -- checkpointing techniques, including
reference/5.1/PSWorkflow/About/about_InlineScript.md:45:55     - Unknown word (checkpointing) -- workflow features such as checkpointing, or
reference/5.1/PSWorkflow/New-PSWorkflowSession.md:32:52     - Unknown word (nwsn)       -- rkflowSession` or its alias, `nwsn`.
reference/5.1/PSWorkflow/New-PSWorkflowSession.md:400:4     - Unknown word (nwsn)       -- - `nwsn`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:256:54    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:60    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol doesn't support
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:329:6     - Unknown word (gcai)       -- - `gcai`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.md:295:6     - Unknown word (gcls)       -- - `gcls`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:455:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:520:6     - Unknown word (gcim)       -- - `gcim`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:113:70    - Unknown word (serv)       -- names that begin with **serv**.
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:250:6     - Unknown word (gcms)       -- - `gcms`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:388:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:37    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:74    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- you get an error. The DCOM protocol does not
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:473:6     - Unknown word (icim)       -- - `icim`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:329:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:409:6     - Unknown word (ncim)       -- - `ncim`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:64     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:88     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="domain\user
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:52     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- class -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:76     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="Contoso\User
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:109:43    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- a CIM session using DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:111:63    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- the Distributed COM (DCOM) protocol instead of
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:114:49    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:370:6     - Unknown word (ncms)       -- - `ncms`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:50:28     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSession` creates a DCOM session to the local
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:182:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:233:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:250:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:269:18    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Accepted values: Dcom, Default, Wsman
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:35:5      - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### DcomParameterSet
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:485:6     - Unknown word (ncso)         -- - `ncso`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:51:8      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Model (DCOM) options. Depending
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:52:4      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- of DCOM session options or returns
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:56:56     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session options object for DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:58:59     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- options object for the DCOM protocol and stores
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:64:38     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:23     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:47     - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Register-CimIndicationEvent.md:396:6     - Unknown word (rcie)       -- - `rcie`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:244:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:249:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:250:41    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:324:6     - Unknown word (rcim)       -- - `rcim`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:69:62     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- the character string **testvar** .
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:72:77     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"'
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimSession.md:236:6     - Unknown word (rcms)       -- - `rcms`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:104:77    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**. Because the
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:105:3     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:112:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:115:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name="testvar"'
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:126:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:142:87    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**.
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:143:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:147:60    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:339:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:344:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:345:46    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:414:20    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- When you use the **Passthru** parameter, this cmdlet
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:421:6     - Unknown word (scim)       -- - `scim`
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:81:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:91:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' |
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:98:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where Name="testvar"'
reference/7.2/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:99:60     - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:101:58    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- zip` file contains `Draftdoc.docx` and all the files
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:121:86    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- file only contains `Draftdoc.docx`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:208:93    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- subdirectory named `testsub`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:209:20    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- that contains the `testlog.txt` file.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:2     - Unknown word (testsub)    -- `testsub` and a **FileInfo**
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:38    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- *FileInfo** object `testlog.txt`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:45    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- object creates the `testsub` directory and contains
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:82    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- directory and contains the `testlog.txt` file,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:224:48    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- creates a duplicate `testlog.txt` in the archive
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:91:24     - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- Path = "C:\Reference\Draftdoc.docx", "C:\Reference
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Expand-Archive.md:58:22     - Unknown word (Draftv)     -- Expand-Archive -Path Draftv2.zip -DestinationPath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:119:395   - Unknown word (modulename) -- follow the form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:119:408   - Unknown word (experimentname) -- form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:228:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem' > out.txt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:228:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:237:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem > out.txt'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:237:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:251:4     - Unknown word (xtermm)        -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:53:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **Strikethrough** - Turns strike through
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:54:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **StrikethroughOff** - Turns strike
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:150:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command creates the `serv` alias for the `Get
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:159:36    - Unknown word (serv)       -- New-Item -Path . -Name serv -Value Get-Service
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:249:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command deletes the `serv` alias from the current
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:253:25    - Unknown word (serv)       -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:serv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:11    - Unknown word (minvalue)   -- ([int32]::minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:32    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:42    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:243:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:246:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue + 1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:358:30    - Unknown word (filefilefile) -- 3 # result = "filefilefile"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1002:64   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- int]]::new().Item('nosuchkey')
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1003:72   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- Item": "The given key 'nosuchkey'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:345:20    - Unknown word (Longlength) -- **Count** alias. **Longlength** is useful if the array
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:787:51    - Unknown word (Instrinsic) -- members, see [about_Instrinsic_Members][08].
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:999:59    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- string, int]]::new()['nosuchkey']
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:219:18    - Unknown word (formatstring) -- formatstring='O'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:255:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:343:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:51:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:59:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:65:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:97:4      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - Specifies a format
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Character_Encoding.md:162:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:165:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:176:32    - Unknown word (nwhich)     -- Time to read $Book,`nwhich was published $Age years
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:317:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Constructors.md:446:13    - Unknown word (nondefault) -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:108:25    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- System.IFormattable,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:1414:13   - Unknown word (nondefault)  -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:429:14    - Unknown word (Pinkney)     -- 'Jerry Pinkney',
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:617:20    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- #### Implementing IFormattable
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:620:11    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- **System.IFormattable**. This interface enables
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:622:24    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- inherit from **System.IFormattable** and define the `ToString
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:702:29    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- Temperature : System.IFormattable {
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:202:54    - Unknown word (nonstatic)      -- GetVolume()` as an instance (nonstatic) method. This
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:32:1      - Unknown word (Nonterminating) -- Nonterminating errors written to the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:124:24    - Unknown word (Mikey)      -- DisplayName = 'Mikey Lombardi'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:125:24    - Unknown word (michaeltlombardi) -- UserName = 'michaeltlombardi'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:210:16    - Unknown word (Progra)     -- //localhost/c$/Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:219:2     - Unknown word (Progra)     -- /Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:161:36    - Unknown word (huas)       -- also known as chi-hua-huas -->
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:171:27    - Unknown word (binkies)    -- []` - also known as binkies -->
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:184:34    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- Name MyAlias -Value mycommand.exe
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:236:21    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- New-Alias MyAlias mycommand.exe
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:677:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:681:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:485:10    - Unknown word (proga)      -- Aliases: proga
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:48:23     - Unknown word (proga)      -- **ProgressAction** (proga)
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:739:72    - Unknown word (defau)      -- Suspend [?] Help (defau
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:11    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell", "Shell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:2     - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:11    - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:18    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:175:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:186:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:148:2     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- $scriptname = $MyInvocation.PSCommandPath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:288:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> Set-PSBreakpoint .
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:297:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> .\ttest19.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:298:28    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- Line breakpoint on 'C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:300:7     - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- At C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11 char
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:304:27    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- localhost]: [DBG]: PS C:\psscripts>> list
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:348:10    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- function psversion {
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:359:1     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- psversion
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:405:23    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:1 function psversion {
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:424:7     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- DBG> $scriptname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:430:2     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- `psversion` function.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:434:14    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:12 psversion
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:498:10    - Unknown word (delbr)      -- function delbr { gbp | rbp }
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:501:35    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- breakpoint on the `$scriptname` variable.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:504:43    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PSBreakpoint -variable scriptname -script test.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:510:23    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PS C:\ps-test> sbp -v scriptname -s test.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:19:16     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:360:16    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:363:15    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:369:55    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:544:6     - Unknown word (xtermm)      -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:16     - Unknown word (experimentname) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:3      - Unknown word (modulename) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:69:31     - Unknown word (PSSSH)          -- Experimental("MyRemoting.PSSSHRemoting", "Show")]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:284:27    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- command creates the `logfiles` directory on the `C
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:287:26    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- Item -Path c:\ -Name logfiles -Type directory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:295:53    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- txt` file in the `C:\logfiles` directory and
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:299:19    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- New-Item -Path c:\logfiles -Name log2.txt -Type
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:304:45    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- log2.txt` in the `C:\logfiles` directory and adds
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:418:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:76:53     - Unknown word (filesystems) -- used. Linux and macOS filesystems support
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_For.md:352:60    - Unknown word (filenamess) -- sorted array of original filenamess at the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:326:45    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- custom view is named **mygciview** and adds the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:343:9     - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- name, **mygciview**, and format the table
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:358:30    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- Export-FormatData -Path ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:359:33    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- FormatData -AppendPath ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:367:13    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- <Name>mygciview</Name>
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:128:39    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- the next line. The `-Autosize` parameter resizes the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:132:42    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Format-Table -Wrap -Autosize
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:194:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix = Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:195:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix | Where-Object {$_.LastWriteT
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters.md:742:50    - Unknown word (dynamicparameters) -- tab completion. Like **dynamicparameters**, the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Argument_Completion.md:265:37    - Unknown word (pswh)       -- toryCompleter(ContainingFile="pswh.exe", Depth=2)]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Group_Policy_Settings.md:59:10     - Unknown word (gpedit)     -- editor (`gpedit.msc`).
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:427:59    - Unknown word (Managem)    -- Remote Management (WS-Managem…
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Join.md:83:22     - Unknown word (ERSHELL)    -- a = "WIND", "S P", "ERSHELL"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:221:5     - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- - `[adsisearcher]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:233:5     - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- - `[cimclass]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:234:5     - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- - `[cimconverter]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:235:5     - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- - `[ciminstance]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:237:5     - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- - `[cimtype]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:239:5     - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- - `[cultureinfo]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:259:5     - Unknown word (mailaddress)  -- - `[mailaddress]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:268:5     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- - `[pscredential]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:271:5     - Unknown word (pslistmodifier) -- - `[pslistmodifier]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:273:5     - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- - `[psprimitivedictionary]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:278:5     - Unknown word (securestring)          -- - `[securestring]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:308:5     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- - `[wmiclass]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:309:5     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- - `[wmisearcher]`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:138:2     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- `journalctl` utility to query the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:141:1     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- journalctl --grep powershell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:181:5     - Unknown word (MACHINENAME) -- - **MACHINENAME** - The name of the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:218:5     - Unknown word (syslogtag)   -- :syslogtag, contains, "powershell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:46:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:47:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:38:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:39:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:107:11    - Unknown word (autoloading) -- ## Module autoloading
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:114:8     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- Module autoloading allows you to use commands
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:120:15    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- the literal `1usgb` is malformed, because
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:197:9     - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- | 0xFFFFs | Int16      |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:218:70    - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- 0 the expression `0xFFFFs`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:254:35    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- valid syntax like `1usgb` will result in the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:257:6     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- PS> 1usgb
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:259:4     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- + 1usgb
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:261:23    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- The numeric constant 1usgb is not valid.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:266:56    - Unknown word (gbus)       -- invalid syntax like `1gbus` will be
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:327:71    - Unknown word (casies)     -- BigInteger]` using special casies to
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operator_Precedence.md:88:14     - Unknown word (coalese)    -- | `??` (null-coalese operator)
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:254:15    - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- PS> $c = "get-executionpolicy"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:256:5     - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- get-executionpolicy
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:317:46    - Unknown word (subshell)        -- it asynchronously in subshell as a job.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSItem.md:110:60    - Unknown word (uppercases) -- the **ForEach** method uppercases the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:133:24    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem -Path c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:134:18    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:135:39    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Exclude *.ppt -Path c:\techdocs
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:136:33    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- ChildItem -Exclude *.ppt c:\techdocs
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:130:62    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- expandable string, except metacharacters
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:132:23    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- - The argument-mode metacharacters (characters with special
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:182:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO A,B`      | argument
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:183:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO $AB`      | expression
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:184:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO :$AB`     | argument
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:190:1     - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- metacharacters that you want to use
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:191:1     - Unknown word (metacharacter)  -- metacharacter. For example, to use
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:214:28    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName "myVnet" `
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:241:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:350:4     - Unknown word (cscript)        -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:351:4     - Unknown word (wscript)        -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:372:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:381:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs '' a b ''
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:396:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:397:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs '"C:\Program Files
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:404:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """""${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:526:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> Get-Item ~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:532:51    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- 2 PM          88177 repocache.clixml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:534:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> more.com ~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:535:30    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- access file D:\temp\~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Path_Syntax.md:21:16     - Unknown word (pathnames)  -- In PowerShell, pathnames can be one of two types
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipeline_Chain_Operators.md:172:25    - Unknown word (behaviour)  -- of PowerShell 7, the behaviour of these syntaxes has
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:406:10    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- - `EnableTranscripting` - When this setting
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:419:16    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- "EnableTranscripting": true,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1040:4    - Unknown word (cscript)    -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1043:4    - Unknown word (wscript)    -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:572:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:586:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:897:2     - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- `hexdump.ps1` to illustrate the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:911:18    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- when piped into `hexdump.ps1` created above.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:915:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:932:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:219:28    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- function Get-CmdletAlias ($cmdletname) {
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:221:55    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- .Definition -like "$cmdletname"} |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:230:4     - Unknown word (hosttime)   -- $hosttime = (Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:231:4     - Unknown word (hostversion) -- $hostversion="$($Host.Version.Major
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:45    - Unknown word (hostversion) -- WindowTitle = "PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:59    - Unknown word (hosttime)    -- PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:227:22    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- pwsh -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:229:37    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- PSHostProcess -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:244:7     - Unknown word (encodedcommand) -- pwsh -encodedcommand $encodedCommand
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:284:12    - Unknown word (chsh)           -- - Use the [chsh][04] utility to set
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:288:3     - Unknown word (chsh)           -- chsh -s /usr/bin/pwsh
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:312:24    - Unknown word (noni)           -- -NonInteractive | -noni
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:343:33    - Unknown word (myproject)      -- pwsh -SettingsFile c:\myproject\powershell.config.json
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:345:23    - Unknown word (sshs)           -- # -SSHServerMode | -sshs
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:244     - Unknown word (noni)       -- nol, -NonInteractive, -noni, -NoProfile, -nop,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:335     - Unknown word (sshs)       -- settings, -SSHServerMode, -sshs, -STA, -Version, -v
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:80:10     - Unknown word (fakepath)   -- dir C:\, fakepath 2>&1 > .\dir.log
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:38:32     - Unknown word (csplit)     -- , `-creplace`, or `-csplit`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:39:41     - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- statement, use the `-casesensitive` option
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:393:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts -Value *
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:401:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts *.fabrikam.com
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:128:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (version `0.12.0` or
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:131:43    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- ModuleName="AzureRM.Netcore"; ModuleVersion="0.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:134:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (**only** version
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:53:20     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Get-Module AzureRM.Netcore | Remove-Module
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:54:28     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Requires -Modules AzureRM.Netcore
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:17    - Unknown word (Feld)       -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:22    - Unknown word (Benutzername) -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:35    - Unknown word (darf)         -- Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:40    - Unknown word (nicht)        -- Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:51    - Unknown word (sein)         -- Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:13    - Unknown word (Geben)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:23    - Unknown word (Ihren)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:29    - Unknown word (Benutzernamen) -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:14    - Unknown word (مرحبًا)        -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:21    - Unknown word (أيها)          -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:26    - Unknown word (العالَم)       -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:16    - Unknown word (يمكنك)         -- errorMsg1 = لا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخد
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:34    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- ا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:43    - Unknown word (فارغًا)        -- رك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:13    - Unknown word (يرجى)          -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:18    - Unknown word (إدخال)         -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:28    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:37    - Unknown word (الخاص)         -- إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:224:19    - Unknown word (Heute)         -- messageDate = Heute ist
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:225:10    - Unknown word (Sonntag)       -- d0 = Sonntag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:226:10    - Unknown word (Montag)        -- d1 = Montag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:227:10    - Unknown word (Dienstag)      -- d2 = Dienstag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:228:10    - Unknown word (Mittwoch)      -- d3 = Mittwoch
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:229:10    - Unknown word (Donnerstag)    -- d4 = Donnerstag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:230:10    - Unknown word (Freitag)       -- d5 = Freitag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:231:10    - Unknown word (Samstag)       -- d6 = Samstag
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:68:22     - Unknown word (msgtable)   -- stores them in the `$msgtable` variable.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:154:20    - Unknown word (dayofyear)  -- $date = (get-date).dayofyear
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:184:42    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- connection $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:14    - Unknown word (pssession)   -- $s = new-pssession $computername -erroraction
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:39    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- pssession $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:345:25    - Unknown word (juneb)       -- Directory: C:\Users\juneb\Documents\WindowsPowerShell
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Session_Configurations.md:178:1     - Unknown word (ugin)       -- ugin
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:197:37    - Unknown word (codesigning) -- cert:\CurrentUser\my -codesigning
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:234:2     - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- [cmdletbinding()]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:279:2     - Unknown word (Certmgr)       -- `Certmgr.exe` to export your
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:133:53    - Unknown word (nbetween)   -- create a blank line`n`nbetween the words."
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:203:37    - Unknown word (vbetween)   -- There is a vertical tab`vbetween the words."
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Splatting.md:256:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)       -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:484:34    - Unknown word (simplematch) -- test" -split ".", 0, "simplematch"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:75:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:76:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:92:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:93:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:99:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname/:/FirstName/:/Address
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:57:30     - Unknown word (psdf)       -- functions. For example, `i-psdf<tab>` returns `Import
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:86:28     - Unknown word (actsetup)   -- Get-Content C:\windows\actsetup.log
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Telemetry.md:40:4      - Unknown word (Geolocation) -- > [Geolocation and IP address handling
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:127:3     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- | wmiclass
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:128:3     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- | wmisearcher |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:29:3      - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- | adsisearcher | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:41:3      - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- | cimclass
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:42:3      - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- | cimconverter | [Microsoft
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:43:3      - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- | ciminstance |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:45:3      - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- | cimtype
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:47:3      - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- | cultureinfo |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:60:3      - Unknown word (initialsessionstate) -- | initialsessionstate | [System.Management
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:68:3      - Unknown word (mailaddress)         -- | mailaddress |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:75:3      - Unknown word (psaliasproperty)     -- | psaliasproperty | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:76:3      - Unknown word (pscredential)        -- | pscredential | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:79:3      - Unknown word (pslistmodifier)      -- | pslistmodifier | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:80:3      - Unknown word (psmoduleinfo)        -- | psmoduleinfo | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:81:3      - Unknown word (psnoteproperty)      -- | psnoteproperty | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:83:3      - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- | psprimitivedictionary | [System.Management
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:84:3      - Unknown word (pspropertyexpression)  -- | pspropertyexpression | [Microsoft
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:85:3      - Unknown word (psscriptmethod)        -- | psscriptmethod | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:86:3      - Unknown word (psscriptproperty)      -- | psscriptproperty | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:88:3      - Unknown word (psvariable)            -- | psvariable |
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:89:3      - Unknown word (psvariableproperty)    -- | psvariableproperty | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:93:3      - Unknown word (runspacefactory)       -- | runspacefactory | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:96:3      - Unknown word (securestring)          -- | securestring | [System
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:109:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot = (Get-Item /) -as
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:110:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot.GetType().FullName
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:124:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:129:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:185:10    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- PS> (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:188:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:191:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Array]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:194:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) | foreach {
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:200:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Object]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:219:8     - Unknown word (Typedata)   -- Update-Typedata -PrependPath $PSHOME
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:464:42    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- `ToDateTime` and `ToDmtfDateTime` static methods
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:480:55    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- nagementDateTimeConverter]::ToDmtfDateTime($args[0])
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:37:13     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:41:53     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:154:16    - Unknown word (Literalpath) -- Get-ChildItem -Literalpath ?
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:229:27    - Unknown word (serv)        -- command deletes the `serv` variable from the current
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:233:32    - Unknown word (serv)        -- Variable -Path Variable:serv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:22:48     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- the files in the `C:\Techdocs` directory with a
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:26:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\*.ppt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:61:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\[a-l]*.txt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Windows_PowerShell_Compatibility.md:61:3      - Unknown word (autoloading) -- autoloading via command discovery
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:141:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:19:45     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- InputObject] <PSObject[]>] [-Passthru] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:108:46    - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:209:51    - Unknown word (pwrshplugin) -- : %windir%\system32\pwrshplugin.dll
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:220:5     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- IdleTimeoutms : 7
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:224:81    - Unknown word (GXGW)        -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GXGW;;;WD)
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:226:8     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- MaxIdleTimeoutms : 2147
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:545:6     - Unknown word (dnsn)        -- - `dnsn`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:25     - Unknown word (GXGWGR)     -- sddl = "O:NSG:BAD:P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:41     - Unknown word (GAGR)       -- P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1-5-21-12345678
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:122:19    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process: 1520]: [RSDBG: 4]: PS C:\>
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:137:17    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:346]: [RSDBG: 3]: PS C:\> exit
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:203:70    - Unknown word (sshkeys)    -- :22 -KeyFilePath c:\sshkeys\userAKey_rsa
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:900:6     - Unknown word (etsn)       -- - `etsn`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Exit-PSSession.md:106:6     - Unknown word (exsn)       -- - `exsn`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:116:24    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Command -Name Get-Childitem -Args Cert: -Syntax
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:303:74    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- liberately has a typo as 'get-commnd'.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:309:17    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- Get-Command get-commnd -UseFuzzyMatching
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:642:31    - Unknown word (psdf)       -- command. For example, `i-psdf` would match `Import
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:63    - Unknown word (Moduletype) -- Table -Property Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:81    - Unknown word (Groupby)    -- Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:332:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:353:79    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- create a session on the RSDGF03 remote
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:358:1     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- RSDGF03 computer. The command
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:717:29    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1311:29   - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1322:61   - Unknown word (modulename) -- Get-Command -Module modulename` to see which members
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:314:57    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Calendar -AsCustomObject -Passthru
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:538:76    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- remote computer named RSDGF03. The session
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:541:2     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- `RSDGF03` computer.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:552:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Invoke-Command.md:1431:23   - Unknown word (Autiomation) -- **System.Management.Autiomation.Remoting.PSSessionOption
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-Module.md:228:11    - Unknown word (Manoj)      -- $m.hello("Manoj")
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-ModuleManifest.md:224:8     - Unknown word (JKBC)       -- 'JKBC'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSession.md:185:58    - Unknown word (Corpnet)    -- ComputerName Server1.Domain44.Corpnet.Fabrikam.com -Credential
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:160:52    - Unknown word (slst)       -- AliasDefinitions = @(@{Name='slst';Value='Select-String
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:195:30    - Unknown word (TESTSHARE)  -- EnvironmentVariables = @{TESTSHARE='\\Test2\Test'}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:27    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format (like `ja
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:3     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:342:14    - Unknown word (Timeoutms)    -- the **MaxIdleTimeoutms** property of the session
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:386:46    - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- SPNs, such as by using `Setspn.exe`, that are registered
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:390:2     - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- [Setspn Overview](/previous
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format, such as
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.md:143:6     - Unknown word (lineoutput) -- `out-lineoutput : The method or operation
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:108:50    - Unknown word (fakeservice) -- criptBlock {Get-Service dhcp, fakeservice}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:614:6     - Unknown word (rcjb)        -- - `rcjb`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:150:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:157:20    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Receive-PSSession @parms
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:252:6     - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> $parms = @{
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:260:21    - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> Invoke-Command @parms
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:901:6     - Unknown word (rcsn)       -- - `rcsn`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:101:67    - Unknown word (newshell)   -- PSSession -ConfigurationName newshell`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:123:15    - Unknown word (Descritor)  -- the **SecurityDescritorSDDL** parameter to specify
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:55    - Unknown word (FASA)       -- P(AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:60    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-PSSession.md:108:7     - Unknown word (Serv)       -- with `Serv`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:143:64    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- files in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:152:20    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:167:13    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Start-Job.md:694:6     - Unknown word (sajb)       -- - `sajb`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Stop-Job.md:413:6     - Unknown word (spjb)       -- - `spjb`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Test-ModuleManifest.md:47:42     - Unknown word (modulemanifest) -- TestModule.psd1" | test-modulemanifest
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Unregister-PSSessionConfiguration.md:93:47     - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:215:20    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- if (Test-Path $mdir\*helpinfo.xml)
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:218:24    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- $mNodes = dir $mdir\*helpinfo.xml -ErrorAction
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:430:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Counter -Counter
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:431:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs.CounterSamples | Sort
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:449:76    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- result is stored in the `$Procs` variable. The
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:450:3     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- `$Procs` variable with the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:561:21    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:568:44    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- Level=3 and TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:599:3     - Unknown word (Logname)    -- Logname='Application'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:845:86    - Unknown word (Logname)    -- WinEvent -LogName $_.Logname }`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.md:92:16     - Unknown word (Elasped)    -- to the **PolicyElaspedTimeInSeconds** field
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:89:2      - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- $sharepath = '\\Server01\Transcripts
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:95:32     - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- Transcript = Join-Path -Path $sharepath -ChildPath $filename
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:224:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-RecycleBin.md:31:17     - Unknown word (readded)    -- This cmdlet was readded in PowerShell 7.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:26    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:40    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:173:32    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Item` cmdlet copies `scriptingexample.ps1` from the `D:\Folder
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:25    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Copy-Item "D:\Folder004\scriptingexample.ps1" -Destination "C
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:79    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- estination "C:\Folder004_Copy\scriptingexample_copy.ps1" -ToSession
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:41:28     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:50:39     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:75:22     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item "C:\Wabash\Logfiles\mar1604.log.txt" -Destination
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:80:45     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- contents of the `C:\Logfiles` directory into the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:81:17     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- directory. The `Logfiles` directory isn't copied
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:83:9      - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- If the `Logfiles` directory has files
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:88:21     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item -Path "C:\Logfiles\*" -Destination "C:
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.md:195:66    - Unknown word (hiddenfile) -- hidden files such as `hiddenfile.txt` that have a mode
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Clipboard.md:28:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:256:26    - Unknown word (bytearray)  -- Member -InputObject $bytearray
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:362:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:175:30    - Unknown word (ntoskrnl)     -- C:\Windows\System32\ntoskrnl.exe | Format-Table
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:21:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:29:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:37:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:46:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:55:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.md:105:14    - Unknown word (psprovider) -- PS C:\> (get-psprovider FileSystem).home
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.md:229:78    - Unknown word (Windowtitle) -- Table Id, Name, mainWindowtitle -AutoSize
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:112:53    - Unknown word (dependentservices) -- dentServices"; Expression={$_.dependentservices.count}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:75:1      - Unknown word (xmlprov)    -- xmlprov, the Network Provisioning
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:78:14     - Unknown word (Displayname) -- Get-Service -Displayname "*network*"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:41    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use `Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:53    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join`, or other path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.md:52:84     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:35:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:44:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:54:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:62:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:89:41     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- creates a directory named "Logfiles" in the `C:` drive.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:93:29     - Unknown word (logfiles)     -- Item -Path "c:\" -Name "logfiles" -ItemType "directory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:100:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:114:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring[0]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:106:64    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- example, `d:\my share\myservice.exe` should be specified
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:107:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe"'`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:110:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe" arg1 arg2'`. These
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:64:57     - Unknown word (testservice) -- Service -Filter "Name='testservice'"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:16     - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:44     - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:80     - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:54:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:61:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.md:47:23     - Unknown word (logfiles)   -- Rename-Item -Path "c:\logfiles\daily_file.txt" -NewName
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:45:54     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- SmpApplication` key to "oldconfig".
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:48:79     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- Name config -NewName oldconfig
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:216:6     - Unknown word (rvpa)       -- - `rvpa`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:82:2      - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Creds = Get-Credential
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:83:52     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Names -Credential $Creds -Force
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:88:73     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- values in the variable `$Creds`. `Restart-Computer
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Clipboard.md:27:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:222:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:40:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:48:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:37:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:45:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:53:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:61:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:22:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:30:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:38:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:46:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:54:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:16    - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:44    - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:80    - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:65    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:79    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:146:2     - Unknown word (nohup)      -- `nohup`. The following example
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:147:56    - Unknown word (nohup)      -- launching session. The `nohup` command collects output
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:148:2     - Unknown word (nohup)      -- `nohup.out` in the current
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:151:46    - Unknown word (nohup)      -- appends output to ./nohup.out
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:152:15    - Unknown word (nohup)      -- Start-Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:152:28    - Unknown word (noprofile)  -- Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c "1..120 | % { Write
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:540:8     - Unknown word (Proces)     -- `Start-Proces gedit` to launch the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:66:26     - Unknown word (myfile)     -- Start-Process -FilePath "myfile.txt" -WorkingDirectory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:45:27     - Unknown word (usingthe)   -- resumed, such as by usingthe `Resume-Service` cmdlet
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:66:13     - Unknown word (lanman)     -- starts with lanman. To suspend the services
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:154:24    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- Example 6: Use the Traceroute parameter
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:156:37    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- PowerShell 6.0, the **Traceroute** parameter maps a route
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:160:45    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName www.google.com -Traceroute
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:204:52    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- is called with the **Traceroute** parameter. The results
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:23:4      - Unknown word (Dont)       -- [-DontFragment] [-TimeoutSeconds
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:258:6     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- ### -DontFragment
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:30:75     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- BufferSize <int>] [-DontFragment]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:44:43     - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName] <string[]> -Traceroute [-IPv4] [-IPv6] [-ResolveDest
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:499:27    - Unknown word (traceroute) -- Causes the cmdlet to do a traceroute test. When this parameter
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:37:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:44:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:488:38    - Unknown word (Normpath)     -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:488:52    - Unknown word (Realpath)     -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:61:63     - Unknown word (makexml)    -- ps1, sign-file.ps1, makexml.ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:90:79     - Unknown word (Pathor)     -- AsByteStream) -SourcePathorExtension ps1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Protect-CmsMessage.md:80:14     - Unknown word (KEYEXCHANGE) -- KeySpec = AT_KEYEXCHANGE
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:21:80     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:28:59     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- AclObject] <Object> [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:321:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:35:85     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru]
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-AuthenticodeSignature.md:96:46     - Unknown word (Mysign)     -- Certificate -FilePath C:\Test\Mysign.pfx
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:1     - Unknown word (Vincentio)  -- Vincentio = Heaven doth with us
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:133   - Unknown word (twere)      -- not go forth of us, 'twere all alike\nAs if we
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:76:72     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- ConvertTo-Html | Out-File pslog.htm
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:79:43     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- an HTML page called `pslog.htm` that displays the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:84:49     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:86:75     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.md:91:18     - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:1152]: [RSDBG: 2]: PS C:\> >
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.md:355:6     - Unknown word (epal)       -- - `epal`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:103:3     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:181:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:66:2      - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- $fileacl = Import-Clixml -Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:74:21     - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- the object in the `$fileacl` variable.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:87:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:88:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:89:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:90:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:479:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:749:6     - Unknown word (epcsv)        -- - `epcsv`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:49:57     - Unknown word (allformat)  -- Export-FormatData -Path "allformat.ps1xml" -IncludeScriptBlock
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:66:32     - Unknown word (helpinfoshort) -- FormatData -TypeName "helpinfoshort"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-PSSession.md:296:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:186:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:223:13    - Unknown word (fileinfo)     -- `[system.io.fileinfo]` are supported.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:106:51    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- Format-Table -View mygciview
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:124:73    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- specify the custom view **mygciview** that includes
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.md:49:64     - Unknown word (pschildname) -- Format-Wide -Property pschildname -AutoSize
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:163:70    - Unknown word (Dayof)      -- is evaluated by the **DayofYear** property.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:411:53    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffff` (case-sensitive, using
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:416:69    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffffZ` (case-sensitive,
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:178:6     - Unknown word (gerr)       -- - `gerr`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:50:5      - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Childitem -path /NoRealDirectory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:89:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Line : Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:91:30     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- + Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:93:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- InvocationName : Get-Childitem
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.md:116:22    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- $Subscriber.action).gettype().fullname
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:100:2     - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- $pkgurl = 'https://github.com
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:102:54    - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- InputStream ($wc.OpenRead($pkgurl))
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.md:107:15    - Unknown word (bitstransfer) -- Import-Module bitstransfer
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.md:56:26     - Unknown word (pscallstack) -- : PS C:\ps-test>get-pscallstack
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:100:43    - Unknown word (processname) -- Object | Select-Object processname | Get-Unique -AsString
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:46:11     - Unknown word (tolower)    -- $line.tolower().split(" ")
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.md:209:6     - Unknown word (ipal)       -- - `ipal`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:77:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:78:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:79:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:80:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:93:3      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:348:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:483:6     - Unknown word (ipcsv)        -- - `ipcsv`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:174:66    - Unknown word (zunz)       -- af97-1154f9317239_tcw1zunz.ttf
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:176:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf\tmp_79468106-4e
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:177:5     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- tcw1zunz.ttf.psm1
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:182:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:78:40     - Unknown word (testscript) -- Command "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:79:13     - Unknown word (testscript) -- "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1" | Invoke-Expression
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:140:74    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- table index,host,source,sourcetype,_raw"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:247:1     - Unknown word (standardards) -- standardards-defined value format
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:270:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)      -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:806:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:131:21    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- User = 'jdoe'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:165:44    - Unknown word (docspage)   -- StreamWriter]::new('.\docspage.html', $false, $Response
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:236:26    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- the image data for `jdoe.png` is submitted.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:250:59    - Unknown word (unkownhost) -- Uri "www.microsoft.com/unkownhost"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:353:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)    -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:796:32    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- pipeline, use the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:829:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:162:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:169:41    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Properties | Join-String @parms
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:127:20    - Unknown word (serviceyrs) -- Import-Csv d:\test\serviceyrs.csv | Measure-Object
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:137:42    - Unknown word (psiscontainer) -- Measure-Object -Property psiscontainer -Maximum -Sum -Minimum
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:102:2     - Unknown word (Objshell)   -- $Objshell = New-Object -COMObject
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:103:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell | Get-Member
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:104:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell.ToggleDesktop()
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:48:21     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- New-Variable -Name "zipcode" -Value 98033
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:51:39     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- creates a variable named zipcode and assigns it the value
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:100:26    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- process objects in `$Procs` to the file **Process
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:141:32    - Unknown word (operartors) -- and the redirection operartors (`>` and `>>`) to 2
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:150:26    - Unknown word (logfile)    -- $logFile = "$pwd\logfile.txt"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:197:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:93:2      - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Process
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:94:48     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- Process.txt -InputObject $Procs -Encoding ASCII -Width
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:98:39     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- stored in the variable, `$Procs`. `Out-File` uses the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:199:46    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- equivalent to the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:388:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:392:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net name:net`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:17     - Unknown word (Osan)       -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:23     - Unknown word (Koforidua)  -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.md:83:28     - Unknown word (messagedata) -- Event: {0}" -f $event.messagedata | Out-File c:\temp\MyEvents
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:409:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject = [PSCustomObject]@
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:414:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.md:507:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:143:59    - Unknown word (innerxml)   -- Expression= {($_.node.innerxml).trim()}}, Path -AutoSize
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:225:29    - Unknown word (Innerxml)   -- ForEach-Object {$_.Node.Innerxml}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.md:276:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:263:66    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Property Name, Options -Autosize`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:422:26    - Unknown word (aliasname)  -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:aliasname`.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:155:32    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- PSBreakpoint -Command "checklog"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:157:12    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- Command : checklog
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:167:5     - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- PS> Checklog
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:169:40    - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- breakpoint on 'prompt:Checklog'
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Show-Command.md:333:6     - Unknown word (shcm)       -- - `shcm`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.md:70:65     - Unknown word (processname) -- proc | Select-Object processname,handles
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:47:30     - Unknown word (parameterbinding) -- Command -Name metadata,parameterbinding,cmdlet -Expression
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:87:57     - Unknown word (echoargs)         -- ParameterBinding { TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f }
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.md:383:3     - Unknown word (Noteproperty) -- - Noteproperty
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.md:65:8      - Unknown word (Autoreset)  -- $Timer.Autoreset = $False
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:159:49    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 0 "Step $i - Substep $j"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:161:52    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 1 "Step $i - Substep $j - iteration $k"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:156:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:165:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:245:65    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:266:57    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- itialization parameter named "testparametername"
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:272:21    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- -ParamName testparametername `
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:273:22    - Unknown word (testparametervalue) -- -ParamValue testparametervalue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:563:35    - Unknown word (PCWSTR)             -- represents the XML as a **PCWSTR** memory buffer.
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Disconnect-WSMan.md:46:4      - Unknown word (Outpue)     -- ```Outpue
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:217:10    - Unknown word (UBPO)       -- Aliases: UBPO, Base
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:485:31    - Unknown word (objectandepr) -- values: object, epr, objectandepr
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:108:28    - Unknown word (startservice)     -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:302:29    - Unknown word (stopservice)      -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmicimv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:50:28     - Unknown word (startservice) -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:70:28     - Unknown word (stopservice)  -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:89:109    - Unknown word (currentdirectory) -- commandline="notepad.exe";currentdirectory="C:\"}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:216:29    - Unknown word (stopservice) -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmi/cimv
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:406:28    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- WmiInstance` uses the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Remove-WSManInstance.md:362:64    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- similar. They use the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:103:40    - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb ="200"}`
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:79:68     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb = "200"}
reference/7.2/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:94:36     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- sets the **MaxEnvelopeSizekb** value to 200 on the
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Enable-WSManTrace.md:38:23     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- The session is named `wsmlog`.
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:106:23    - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- Accepted values: bin, bincirc, csv, tsv, sql
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:43:28     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- SessionName = 'wsmlog'
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:45:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraces)  -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraces.log"
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:46:28     - Unknown word (bincirc)    -- Format = 'bincirc'
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:51:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraceproviders) -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraceproviders.txt"
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:97:3      - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- - bincirc - binary with circular
reference/7.2/PSDiagnostics/Stop-Trace.md:40:26     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- Trace -SessionName 'wsmlog'
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:165:4     - Unknown word (asplaintext) -- - `asplaintext`
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:167:4     - Unknown word (apikey)      -- - `apikey`
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:79    - Unknown word (ysdfayf)     -- AsPlainText) -Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:89    - Unknown word (hfasd)       -- Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret2' has
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:245:6     - Unknown word (PGPASS)      -- $env:PGPASS = gcloud auth print
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:268:5     - Unknown word (Autoadjusts) -- - Autoadjusts the size based on the
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:51:51     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- 0, PowerShell skips autoloading PSReadLine on
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:433:13    - Unknown word (Rubout)     -- ### UnixWordRubout
reference/7.2/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:560:15    - Unknown word (Begining)   -- ### ViInsertAtBegining
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:256:54    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:60    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol doesn't support
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:329:6     - Unknown word (gcai)       -- - `gcai`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.md:315:6     - Unknown word (gcls)       -- - `gcls`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:455:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:520:6     - Unknown word (gcim)       -- - `gcim`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:113:70    - Unknown word (serv)       -- names that begin with **serv**.
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:250:6     - Unknown word (gcms)       -- - `gcms`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:388:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:37    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:74    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- you get an error. The DCOM protocol does not
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:473:6     - Unknown word (icim)       -- - `icim`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:329:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:409:6     - Unknown word (ncim)       -- - `ncim`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:64     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:88     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="domain\user
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:52     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- class -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:76     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="Contoso\User
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:109:43    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- a CIM session using DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:111:63    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- the Distributed COM (DCOM) protocol instead of
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:114:49    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:370:6     - Unknown word (ncms)       -- - `ncms`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:50:28     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSession` creates a DCOM session to the local
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:182:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:233:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:250:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:269:18    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Accepted values: Dcom, Default, Wsman
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:35:5      - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### DcomParameterSet
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:485:6     - Unknown word (ncso)         -- - `ncso`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:51:8      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Model (DCOM) options. Depending
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:52:4      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- of DCOM session options or returns
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:56:56     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session options object for DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:58:59     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- options object for the DCOM protocol and stores
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:64:38     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:23     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:47     - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Register-CimIndicationEvent.md:396:6     - Unknown word (rcie)       -- - `rcie`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:244:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:249:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:250:41    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:324:6     - Unknown word (rcim)       -- - `rcim`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:69:62     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- the character string **testvar** .
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:72:77     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"'
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimSession.md:236:6     - Unknown word (rcms)       -- - `rcms`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:104:77    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**. Because the
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:105:3     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:112:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:115:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name="testvar"'
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:126:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:142:87    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**.
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:143:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:147:60    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:339:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:344:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:345:46    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:414:20    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- When you use the **Passthru** parameter, this cmdlet
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:421:6     - Unknown word (scim)       -- - `scim`
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:81:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:91:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' |
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:98:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where Name="testvar"'
reference/7.4/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:99:60     - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:101:58    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- zip` file contains `Draftdoc.docx` and all the files
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:121:86    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- file only contains `Draftdoc.docx`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:208:93    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- subdirectory named `testsub`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:209:20    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- that contains the `testlog.txt` file.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:2     - Unknown word (testsub)    -- `testsub` and a **FileInfo**
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:38    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- *FileInfo** object `testlog.txt`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:45    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- object creates the `testsub` directory and contains
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:82    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- directory and contains the `testlog.txt` file,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:224:48    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- creates a duplicate `testlog.txt` in the archive
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:91:24     - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- Path = "C:\Reference\Draftdoc.docx", "C:\Reference
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Expand-Archive.md:58:22     - Unknown word (Draftv)     -- Expand-Archive -Path Draftv2.zip -DestinationPath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:122:395   - Unknown word (modulename) -- follow the form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:122:408   - Unknown word (experimentname) -- form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:232:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem' > out.txt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:232:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:241:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem > out.txt'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:241:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:255:4     - Unknown word (xtermm)        -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:55:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **Strikethrough** - Turns strike through
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:56:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **StrikethroughOff** - Turns strike
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:150:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command creates the `serv` alias for the `Get
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:159:36    - Unknown word (serv)       -- New-Item -Path . -Name serv -Value Get-Service
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:249:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command deletes the `serv` alias from the current
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:253:25    - Unknown word (serv)       -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:serv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:11    - Unknown word (minvalue)   -- ([int32]::minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:32    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:42    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:243:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:246:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue + 1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:358:30    - Unknown word (filefilefile) -- 3 # result = "filefilefile"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1002:64   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- int]]::new().Item('nosuchkey')
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1003:72   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- Item": "The given key 'nosuchkey'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:345:20    - Unknown word (Longlength) -- **Count** alias. **Longlength** is useful if the array
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:787:51    - Unknown word (Instrinsic) -- members, see [about_Instrinsic_Members][08].
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:999:59    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- string, int]]::new()['nosuchkey']
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:219:18    - Unknown word (formatstring) -- formatstring='O'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:255:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:343:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:51:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:59:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:65:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:97:4      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - Specifies a format
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calling_Generic_Methods.md:61:9      - Unknown word (Linq)       -- `System.Linq.Enumerable` class to
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Character_Encoding.md:164:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:165:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:176:32    - Unknown word (nwhich)     -- Time to read $Book,`nwhich was published $Age years
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:317:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Constructors.md:446:13    - Unknown word (nondefault) -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:108:25    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- System.IFormattable,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:1414:13   - Unknown word (nondefault)  -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:429:14    - Unknown word (Pinkney)     -- 'Jerry Pinkney',
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:617:20    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- #### Implementing IFormattable
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:620:11    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- **System.IFormattable**. This interface enables
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:622:24    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- inherit from **System.IFormattable** and define the `ToString
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:702:29    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- Temperature : System.IFormattable {
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:202:54    - Unknown word (nonstatic)      -- GetVolume()` as an instance (nonstatic) method. This
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:32:1      - Unknown word (Nonterminating) -- Nonterminating errors written to the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:124:24    - Unknown word (Mikey)      -- DisplayName = 'Mikey Lombardi'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:125:24    - Unknown word (michaeltlombardi) -- UserName = 'michaeltlombardi'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:210:16    - Unknown word (Progra)     -- //localhost/c$/Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:219:2     - Unknown word (Progra)     -- /Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:161:36    - Unknown word (huas)       -- also known as chi-hua-huas -->
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:171:27    - Unknown word (binkies)    -- []` - also known as binkies -->
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:184:34    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- Name MyAlias -Value mycommand.exe
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:236:21    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- New-Alias MyAlias mycommand.exe
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:677:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:681:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:487:10    - Unknown word (proga)      -- Aliases: proga
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:48:23     - Unknown word (proga)      -- **ProgressAction** (proga)
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:741:72    - Unknown word (defau)      -- Suspend [?] Help (defau
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:11    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell", "Shell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:2     - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:11    - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:18    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:175:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:186:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:148:2     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- $scriptname = $MyInvocation.PSCommandPath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:288:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> Set-PSBreakpoint .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:297:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> .\ttest19.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:298:28    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- Line breakpoint on 'C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:300:7     - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- At C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11 char
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:304:27    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- localhost]: [DBG]: PS C:\psscripts>> list
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:348:10    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- function psversion {
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:359:1     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- psversion
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:405:23    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:1 function psversion {
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:424:7     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- DBG> $scriptname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:430:2     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- `psversion` function.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:434:14    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:12 psversion
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:498:10    - Unknown word (delbr)      -- function delbr { gbp | rbp }
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:501:35    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- breakpoint on the `$scriptname` variable.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:504:43    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PSBreakpoint -variable scriptname -script test.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:510:23    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PS C:\ps-test> sbp -v scriptname -s test.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:19:16     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:360:16    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:363:15    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:369:55    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:544:6     - Unknown word (xtermm)      -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:16     - Unknown word (experimentname) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:3      - Unknown word (modulename) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:69:31     - Unknown word (PSSSH)          -- Experimental("MyRemoting.PSSSHRemoting", "Show")]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:284:27    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- command creates the `logfiles` directory on the `C
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:287:26    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- Item -Path c:\ -Name logfiles -Type directory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:295:53    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- txt` file in the `C:\logfiles` directory and
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:299:19    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- New-Item -Path c:\logfiles -Name log2.txt -Type
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:304:45    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- log2.txt` in the `C:\logfiles` directory and adds
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:418:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:76:53     - Unknown word (filesystems) -- used. Linux and macOS filesystems support
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_For.md:352:60    - Unknown word (filenamess) -- sorted array of original filenamess at the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:326:45    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- custom view is named **mygciview** and adds the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:343:9     - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- name, **mygciview**, and format the table
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:358:30    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- Export-FormatData -Path ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:359:33    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- FormatData -AppendPath ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:367:13    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- <Name>mygciview</Name>
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:128:39    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- the next line. The `-Autosize` parameter resizes the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:132:42    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Format-Table -Wrap -Autosize
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:221:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix = Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:222:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix | Where-Object {$_.LastWriteT
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters.md:742:50    - Unknown word (dynamicparameters) -- tab completion. Like **dynamicparameters**, the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Argument_Completion.md:265:37    - Unknown word (pswh)       -- toryCompleter(ContainingFile="pswh.exe", Depth=2)]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Group_Policy_Settings.md:59:10     - Unknown word (gpedit)     -- editor (`gpedit.msc`).
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:420:23    - Unknown word (Servi)      -- System.ServiceProcess.Servi... Running
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:428:59    - Unknown word (Manag)      -- Remote Management (WS-Manag...
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Join.md:83:22     - Unknown word (ERSHELL)    -- a = "WIND", "S P", "ERSHELL"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:224:5     - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- - `[adsisearcher]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:236:5     - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- - `[cimclass]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:237:5     - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- - `[cimconverter]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:238:5     - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- - `[ciminstance]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:240:5     - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- - `[cimtype]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:242:5     - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- - `[cultureinfo]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:262:5     - Unknown word (mailaddress)  -- - `[mailaddress]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:272:5     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- - `[pscredential]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:275:5     - Unknown word (pslistmodifier) -- - `[pslistmodifier]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:277:5     - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- - `[psprimitivedictionary]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:282:5     - Unknown word (securestring)          -- - `[securestring]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:313:5     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- - `[wmiclass]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:314:5     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- - `[wmisearcher]`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:138:2     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- `journalctl` utility to query the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:141:1     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- journalctl --grep powershell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:181:5     - Unknown word (MACHINENAME) -- - **MACHINENAME** - The name of the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:218:5     - Unknown word (syslogtag)   -- :syslogtag, contains, "powershell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:46:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:47:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:38:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:39:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:107:11    - Unknown word (autoloading) -- ## Module autoloading
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:114:8     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- Module autoloading allows you to use commands
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:120:15    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- the literal `1usgb` is malformed, because
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:197:9     - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- | 0xFFFFs | Int16      |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:218:70    - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- 0 the expression `0xFFFFs`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:254:35    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- valid syntax like `1usgb` will result in the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:257:6     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- PS> 1usgb
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:259:4     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- + 1usgb
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:261:23    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- The numeric constant 1usgb is not valid.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:266:56    - Unknown word (gbus)       -- invalid syntax like `1gbus` will be
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:327:71    - Unknown word (casies)     -- BigInteger]` using special casies to
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operator_Precedence.md:88:14     - Unknown word (coalese)    -- | `??` (null-coalese operator)
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:254:15    - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- PS> $c = "get-executionpolicy"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:256:5     - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- get-executionpolicy
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:317:46    - Unknown word (subshell)        -- it asynchronously in subshell as a job.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSItem.md:110:60    - Unknown word (uppercases) -- the **ForEach** method uppercases the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:133:24    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem -Path c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:134:18    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:135:39    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Exclude *.ppt -Path c:\techdocs
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:136:33    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- ChildItem -Exclude *.ppt c:\techdocs
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:130:62    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- expandable string, except metacharacters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:132:23    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- - The argument-mode metacharacters (characters with special
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:182:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO A,B`      | argument
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:183:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO $AB`      | expression
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:184:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO :$AB`     | argument
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:190:1     - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- metacharacters that you want to use
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:191:1     - Unknown word (metacharacter)  -- metacharacter. For example, to use
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:214:28    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName "myVnet" `
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:241:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:348:4     - Unknown word (cscript)        -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:349:4     - Unknown word (wscript)        -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:370:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:379:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs '' a b ''
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:394:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:395:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs '"C:\Program Files
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:402:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """""${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:524:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> Get-Item ~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:530:51    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- 2 PM          88177 repocache.clixml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:532:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- D:\temp> more.com ~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:533:30    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- access file D:\temp\~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Path_Syntax.md:21:16     - Unknown word (pathnames)  -- In PowerShell, pathnames can be one of two types
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipeline_Chain_Operators.md:172:25    - Unknown word (behaviour)  -- of PowerShell 7, the behaviour of these syntaxes has
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:432:24    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- curl -s -L $uri | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:441:41    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:444:42    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:406:10    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- - `EnableTranscripting` - When this setting
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:419:16    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- "EnableTranscripting": true,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1041:4    - Unknown word (cscript)    -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1044:4    - Unknown word (wscript)    -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1064:29   - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- native commands, like [robocopy][01] use non-zero exit
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1072:5    - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- robocopy.exe D:\reports\operational
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1074:16   - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- throw "robocopy failed with exit code
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:578:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:592:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:903:2     - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- `hexdump.ps1` to illustrate the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:917:18    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- when piped into `hexdump.ps1` created above.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:921:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:938:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:219:28    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- function Get-CmdletAlias ($cmdletname) {
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:221:55    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- .Definition -like "$cmdletname"} |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:230:4     - Unknown word (hosttime)   -- $hosttime = (Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:231:4     - Unknown word (hostversion) -- $hostversion="$($Host.Version.Major
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:45    - Unknown word (hostversion) -- WindowTitle = "PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:59    - Unknown word (hosttime)    -- PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:273:22    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- pwsh -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:275:37    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- PSHostProcess -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:290:7     - Unknown word (encodedcommand) -- pwsh -encodedcommand $encodedCommand
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:330:12    - Unknown word (chsh)           -- - Use the [chsh][04] utility to set
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:334:3     - Unknown word (chsh)           -- chsh -s /usr/bin/pwsh
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:358:24    - Unknown word (noni)           -- -NonInteractive | -noni
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:394:33    - Unknown word (myproject)      -- pwsh -SettingsFile c:\myproject\powershell.config.json
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:396:23    - Unknown word (sshs)           -- # -SSHServerMode | -sshs
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:268     - Unknown word (noni)       -- nol, -NonInteractive, -noni, -NoProfile, -nop,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:359     - Unknown word (sshs)       -- settings, -SSHServerMode, -sshs, -STA, -Version, -v
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:239:24    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- curl -s -L $uri | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:248:41    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:251:42    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:91:10     - Unknown word (fakepath)   -- dir C:\, fakepath 2>&1 > .\dir.log
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:38:32     - Unknown word (csplit)     -- , `-creplace`, or `-csplit`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:39:41     - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- statement, use the `-casesensitive` option
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:393:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts -Value *
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:401:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts *.fabrikam.com
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:128:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (version `0.12.0` or
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:131:43    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- ModuleName="AzureRM.Netcore"; ModuleVersion="0.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:134:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (**only** version
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:53:20     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Get-Module AzureRM.Netcore | Remove-Module
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:54:28     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Requires -Modules AzureRM.Netcore
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:17    - Unknown word (Feld)       -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:22    - Unknown word (Benutzername) -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:35    - Unknown word (darf)         -- Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:40    - Unknown word (nicht)        -- Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:51    - Unknown word (sein)         -- Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:13    - Unknown word (Geben)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:23    - Unknown word (Ihren)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:29    - Unknown word (Benutzernamen) -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:14    - Unknown word (مرحبًا)        -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:21    - Unknown word (أيها)          -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:26    - Unknown word (العالَم)       -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:16    - Unknown word (يمكنك)         -- errorMsg1 = لا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخد
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:34    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- ا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:43    - Unknown word (فارغًا)        -- رك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:13    - Unknown word (يرجى)          -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:18    - Unknown word (إدخال)         -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:28    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:37    - Unknown word (الخاص)         -- إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:224:19    - Unknown word (Heute)         -- messageDate = Heute ist
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:225:10    - Unknown word (Sonntag)       -- d0 = Sonntag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:226:10    - Unknown word (Montag)        -- d1 = Montag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:227:10    - Unknown word (Dienstag)      -- d2 = Dienstag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:228:10    - Unknown word (Mittwoch)      -- d3 = Mittwoch
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:229:10    - Unknown word (Donnerstag)    -- d4 = Donnerstag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:230:10    - Unknown word (Freitag)       -- d5 = Freitag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:231:10    - Unknown word (Samstag)       -- d6 = Samstag
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:68:22     - Unknown word (msgtable)   -- stores them in the `$msgtable` variable.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:154:20    - Unknown word (dayofyear)  -- $date = (get-date).dayofyear
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:184:42    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- connection $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:14    - Unknown word (pssession)   -- $s = new-pssession $computername -erroraction
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:39    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- pssession $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:345:25    - Unknown word (juneb)       -- Directory: C:\Users\juneb\Documents\WindowsPowerShell
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Session_Configurations.md:178:1     - Unknown word (ugin)       -- ugin
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:197:37    - Unknown word (codesigning) -- cert:\CurrentUser\my -codesigning
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:234:2     - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- [cmdletbinding()]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:279:2     - Unknown word (Certmgr)       -- `Certmgr.exe` to export your
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:133:53    - Unknown word (nbetween)   -- create a blank line`n`nbetween the words."
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:203:37    - Unknown word (vbetween)   -- There is a vertical tab`vbetween the words."
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Splatting.md:256:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)       -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:484:34    - Unknown word (simplematch) -- test" -split ".", 0, "simplematch"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:75:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:76:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:92:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:93:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:99:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname/:/FirstName/:/Address
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:57:30     - Unknown word (psdf)       -- functions. For example, `i-psdf<tab>` returns `Import
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:86:28     - Unknown word (actsetup)   -- Get-Content C:\windows\actsetup.log
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Telemetry.md:42:4      - Unknown word (Geolocation) -- > [Geolocation and IP address handling
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:128:3     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- | wmiclass
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:129:3     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- | wmisearcher |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:29:3      - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- | adsisearcher | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:41:3      - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- | cimclass
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:42:3      - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- | cimconverter | [Microsoft
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:43:3      - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- | ciminstance |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:45:3      - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- | cimtype
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:47:3      - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- | cultureinfo |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:60:3      - Unknown word (initialsessionstate) -- | initialsessionstate | [System.Management
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:68:3      - Unknown word (mailaddress)         -- | mailaddress |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:76:3      - Unknown word (psaliasproperty)     -- | psaliasproperty | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:77:3      - Unknown word (pscredential)        -- | pscredential | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:80:3      - Unknown word (pslistmodifier)      -- | pslistmodifier | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:81:3      - Unknown word (psmoduleinfo)        -- | psmoduleinfo | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:82:3      - Unknown word (psnoteproperty)      -- | psnoteproperty | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:84:3      - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- | psprimitivedictionary | [System.Management
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:85:3      - Unknown word (pspropertyexpression)  -- | pspropertyexpression | [Microsoft
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:86:3      - Unknown word (psscriptmethod)        -- | psscriptmethod | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:87:3      - Unknown word (psscriptproperty)      -- | psscriptproperty | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:89:3      - Unknown word (psvariable)            -- | psvariable |
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:90:3      - Unknown word (psvariableproperty)    -- | psvariableproperty | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:94:3      - Unknown word (runspacefactory)       -- | runspacefactory | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:97:3      - Unknown word (securestring)          -- | securestring | [System
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:109:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot = (Get-Item /) -as
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:110:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot.GetType().FullName
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:124:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:129:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:185:10    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- PS> (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:188:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:191:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Array]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:194:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) | foreach {
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:200:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Object]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:219:8     - Unknown word (Typedata)   -- Update-Typedata -PrependPath $PSHOME
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:464:42    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- `ToDateTime` and `ToDmtfDateTime` static methods
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:480:55    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- nagementDateTimeConverter]::ToDmtfDateTime($args[0])
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:37:13     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:41:53     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:154:16    - Unknown word (Literalpath) -- Get-ChildItem -Literalpath ?
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:229:27    - Unknown word (serv)        -- command deletes the `serv` variable from the current
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:233:32    - Unknown word (serv)        -- Variable -Path Variable:serv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:22:48     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- the files in the `C:\Techdocs` directory with a
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:26:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\*.ppt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:61:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\[a-l]*.txt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Windows_PowerShell_Compatibility.md:61:3      - Unknown word (autoloading) -- autoloading via command discovery
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:141:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:19:45     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- InputObject] <PSObject[]>] [-Passthru] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:108:46    - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:209:51    - Unknown word (pwrshplugin) -- : %windir%\system32\pwrshplugin.dll
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:220:5     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- IdleTimeoutms : 7
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:224:81    - Unknown word (GXGW)        -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GXGW;;;WD)
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:226:8     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- MaxIdleTimeoutms : 2147
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:545:6     - Unknown word (dnsn)        -- - `dnsn`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:25     - Unknown word (GXGWGR)     -- sddl = "O:NSG:BAD:P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:41     - Unknown word (GAGR)       -- P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1-5-21-12345678
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:122:19    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process: 1520]: [RSDBG: 4]: PS C:\>
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:137:17    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:346]: [RSDBG: 3]: PS C:\> exit
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:204:70    - Unknown word (sshkeys)    -- :22 -KeyFilePath c:\sshkeys\userAKey_rsa
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:219:33    - Unknown word (sshkeys)    -- PSSession -KeyFilePath c:\sshkeys\userAKey_rsa -Options
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:938:6     - Unknown word (etsn)       -- - `etsn`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Exit-PSSession.md:106:6     - Unknown word (exsn)       -- - `exsn`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:116:24    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Command -Name Get-Childitem -Args Cert: -Syntax
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:303:74    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- liberately has a typo as 'get-commnd'.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:309:17    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- Get-Command get-commnd -UseFuzzyMatching
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:463:22    - Unknown word (Damerau)    -- calculated using the Damerau Levenshtein Distance
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:661:31    - Unknown word (psdf)       -- command. For example, `i-psdf` would match `Import
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:63    - Unknown word (Moduletype) -- Table -Property Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:81    - Unknown word (Groupby)    -- Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:332:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:353:79    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- create a session on the RSDGF03 remote
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:358:1     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- RSDGF03 computer. The command
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:717:29    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1311:29   - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1322:61   - Unknown word (modulename) -- Get-Command -Module modulename` to see which members
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:314:57    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Calendar -AsCustomObject -Passthru
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:538:76    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- remote computer named RSDGF03. The session
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:541:2     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- `RSDGF03` computer.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:552:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Invoke-Command.md:1471:23   - Unknown word (Autiomation) -- **System.Management.Autiomation.Remoting.PSSessionOption
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-Module.md:228:11    - Unknown word (Manoj)      -- $m.hello("Manoj")
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-ModuleManifest.md:224:8     - Unknown word (JKBC)       -- 'JKBC'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSession.md:185:58    - Unknown word (Corpnet)    -- ComputerName Server1.Domain44.Corpnet.Fabrikam.com -Credential
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:160:52    - Unknown word (slst)       -- AliasDefinitions = @(@{Name='slst';Value='Select-String
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:195:30    - Unknown word (TESTSHARE)  -- EnvironmentVariables = @{TESTSHARE='\\Test2\Test'}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:27    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format (like `ja
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:3     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:342:14    - Unknown word (Timeoutms)    -- the **MaxIdleTimeoutms** property of the session
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:386:46    - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- SPNs, such as by using `Setspn.exe`, that are registered
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:390:2     - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- [Setspn Overview](/previous
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format, such as
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.md:143:6     - Unknown word (lineoutput) -- `out-lineoutput : The method or operation
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:108:50    - Unknown word (fakeservice) -- criptBlock {Get-Service dhcp, fakeservice}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:614:6     - Unknown word (rcjb)        -- - `rcjb`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:150:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:157:20    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Receive-PSSession @parms
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:252:6     - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> $parms = @{
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:260:21    - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> Invoke-Command @parms
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:901:6     - Unknown word (rcsn)       -- - `rcsn`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:105:67    - Unknown word (newshell)   -- PSSession -ConfigurationName newshell`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:127:15    - Unknown word (Descritor)  -- the **SecurityDescritorSDDL** parameter to specify
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:132:55    - Unknown word (FASA)       -- P(AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:132:60    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-PSSession.md:108:7     - Unknown word (Serv)       -- with `Serv`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:143:64    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- files in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:152:20    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:167:13    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Start-Job.md:694:6     - Unknown word (sajb)       -- - `sajb`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Stop-Job.md:413:6     - Unknown word (spjb)       -- - `spjb`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Switch-Process.md:12:43     - Unknown word (execv)      -- the cmdlet calls the `execv()` function to provide
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Switch-Process.md:28:47     - Unknown word (execv)      -- cmdlet calls the native `execv()` function to provide
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Test-ModuleManifest.md:47:42     - Unknown word (modulemanifest) -- TestModule.psd1" | test-modulemanifest
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Unregister-PSSessionConfiguration.md:93:47     - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:209:20    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- if (Test-Path $mdir\*helpinfo.xml)
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:212:24    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- $mNodes = dir $mdir\*helpinfo.xml -ErrorAction
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:430:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Counter -Counter
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:431:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs.CounterSamples | Sort
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:449:76    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- result is stored in the `$Procs` variable. The
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:450:3     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- `$Procs` variable with the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:561:21    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:568:44    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- Level=3 and TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:599:3     - Unknown word (Logname)    -- Logname='Application'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:845:86    - Unknown word (Logname)    -- WinEvent -LogName $_.Logname }`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.md:92:16     - Unknown word (Elasped)    -- to the **PolicyElaspedTimeInSeconds** field
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:89:2      - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- $sharepath = '\\Server01\Transcripts
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:95:32     - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- Transcript = Join-Path -Path $sharepath -ChildPath $filename
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:226:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-RecycleBin.md:31:17     - Unknown word (readded)    -- This cmdlet was readded in PowerShell 7.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:26    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:40    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:173:32    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Item` cmdlet copies `scriptingexample.ps1` from the `D:\Folder
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:25    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Copy-Item "D:\Folder004\scriptingexample.ps1" -Destination "C
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:79    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- estination "C:\Folder004_Copy\scriptingexample_copy.ps1" -ToSession
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:41:28     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:50:39     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:75:22     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item "C:\Wabash\Logfiles\mar1604.log.txt" -Destination
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:80:45     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- contents of the `C:\Logfiles` directory into the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:81:17     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- directory. The `Logfiles` directory isn't copied
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:83:9      - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- If the `Logfiles` directory has files
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:88:21     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item -Path "C:\Logfiles\*" -Destination "C:
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.md:195:66    - Unknown word (hiddenfile) -- hidden files such as `hiddenfile.txt` that have a mode
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Clipboard.md:28:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:256:26    - Unknown word (bytearray)  -- Member -InputObject $bytearray
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:362:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:173:30    - Unknown word (ntoskrnl)     -- C:\Windows\System32\ntoskrnl.exe | Format-Table
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:21:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:29:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:37:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:46:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:55:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.md:105:14    - Unknown word (psprovider) -- PS C:\> (get-psprovider FileSystem).home
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.md:229:78    - Unknown word (Windowtitle) -- Table Id, Name, mainWindowtitle -AutoSize
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:112:53    - Unknown word (dependentservices) -- dentServices"; Expression={$_.dependentservices.count}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:75:1      - Unknown word (xmlprov)    -- xmlprov, the Network Provisioning
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:78:14     - Unknown word (Displayname) -- Get-Service -Displayname "*network*"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:41    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use `Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:53    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join`, or other path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.md:52:84     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:35:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:44:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:54:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:62:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:89:41     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- creates a directory named "Logfiles" in the `C:` drive.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:93:29     - Unknown word (logfiles)     -- Item -Path "c:\" -Name "logfiles" -ItemType "directory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:100:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:114:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring[0]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:106:64    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- example, `d:\my share\myservice.exe` should be specified
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:107:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe"'`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:110:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe" arg1 arg2'`. These
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:64:57     - Unknown word (testservice) -- Service -Filter "Name='testservice'"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:16     - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:44     - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:80     - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:54:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:61:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.md:47:23     - Unknown word (logfiles)   -- Rename-Item -Path "c:\logfiles\daily_file.txt" -NewName
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:45:54     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- SmpApplication` key to "oldconfig".
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:48:79     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- Name config -NewName oldconfig
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:22:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:258:6     - Unknown word (rvpa)         -- - `rvpa`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:29:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:82:2      - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Creds = Get-Credential
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:83:52     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Names -Credential $Creds -Force
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:88:73     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- values in the variable `$Creds`. `Restart-Computer
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Clipboard.md:28:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:224:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:40:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:48:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:37:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:45:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:53:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:61:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:22:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:30:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:38:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:46:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:54:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:16    - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:44    - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:80    - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:65    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:79    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:144:2     - Unknown word (nohup)        -- `nohup`. The following example
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:145:56    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- launching session. The `nohup` command collects output
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:146:2     - Unknown word (nohup)        -- `nohup.out` in the current
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:149:46    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- appends output to ./nohup.out
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:150:15    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- Start-Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:150:28    - Unknown word (noprofile)    -- Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c "1..120 | % { Write
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:19:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:64:26     - Unknown word (myfile)       -- Start-Process -FilePath "myfile.txt" -WorkingDirectory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:45:27     - Unknown word (usingthe)   -- resumed, such as by usingthe `Resume-Service` cmdlet
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:66:13     - Unknown word (lanman)     -- starts with lanman. To suspend the services
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:155:24    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- Example 6: Use the Traceroute parameter
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:157:37    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- PowerShell 6.0, the **Traceroute** parameter maps a route
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:161:45    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName www.google.com -Traceroute
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:205:52    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- is called with the **Traceroute** parameter. The results
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:23:4      - Unknown word (Dont)       -- [-DontFragment] [-Quiet] [
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:298:6     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- ### -DontFragment
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:30:75     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- BufferSize <int>] [-DontFragment] [-Quiet]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:37:43     - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName] <string[]> -Traceroute [-IPv4] [-IPv6] [-ResolveDest
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:539:27    - Unknown word (traceroute) -- Causes the cmdlet to do a traceroute test. When this parameter
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:37:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:44:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:488:38    - Unknown word (Normpath)     -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:488:52    - Unknown word (Realpath)     -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:61:63     - Unknown word (makexml)    -- ps1, sign-file.ps1, makexml.ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:90:79     - Unknown word (Pathor)     -- AsByteStream) -SourcePathorExtension ps1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Protect-CmsMessage.md:80:14     - Unknown word (KEYEXCHANGE) -- KeySpec = AT_KEYEXCHANGE
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:21:80     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:28:59     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- AclObject] <Object> [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:321:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:35:85     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru]
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-AuthenticodeSignature.md:87:46     - Unknown word (Mysign)     -- Certificate -FilePath C:\Test\Mysign.pfx
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:1     - Unknown word (Vincentio)  -- Vincentio = Heaven doth with us
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:133   - Unknown word (twere)      -- not go forth of us, 'twere all alike\nAs if we
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:76:72     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- ConvertTo-Html | Out-File pslog.htm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:79:43     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- an HTML page called `pslog.htm` that displays the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:84:49     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:86:75     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.md:91:18     - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:1152]: [RSDBG: 2]: PS C:\> >
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.md:355:6     - Unknown word (epal)       -- - `epal`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:103:3     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:183:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:66:2      - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- $fileacl = Import-Clixml -Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:74:21     - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- the object in the `$fileacl` variable.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:87:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:88:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:89:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:90:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:481:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:773:6     - Unknown word (epcsv)        -- - `epcsv`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:49:57     - Unknown word (allformat)  -- Export-FormatData -Path "allformat.ps1xml" -IncludeScriptBlock
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:66:32     - Unknown word (helpinfoshort) -- FormatData -TypeName "helpinfoshort"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-PSSession.md:298:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:188:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:228:13    - Unknown word (fileinfo)     -- `[system.io.fileinfo]` are supported.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:106:51    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- Format-Table -View mygciview
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:124:73    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- specify the custom view **mygciview** that includes
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.md:49:64     - Unknown word (pschildname) -- Format-Wide -Property pschildname -AutoSize
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:163:70    - Unknown word (Dayof)      -- is evaluated by the **DayofYear** property.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:411:53    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffff` (case-sensitive, using
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:416:69    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffffZ` (case-sensitive,
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:178:6     - Unknown word (gerr)       -- - `gerr`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:50:5      - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Childitem -path /NoRealDirectory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:89:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Line : Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:91:30     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- + Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:93:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- InvocationName : Get-Childitem
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.md:116:22    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- $Subscriber.action).gettype().fullname
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:100:2     - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- $pkgurl = 'https://github.com
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:102:54    - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- InputStream ($wc.OpenRead($pkgurl))
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.md:107:15    - Unknown word (bitstransfer) -- Import-Module bitstransfer
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.md:56:26     - Unknown word (pscallstack) -- : PS C:\ps-test>get-pscallstack
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:100:43    - Unknown word (processname) -- Object | Select-Object processname | Get-Unique -AsString
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:46:11     - Unknown word (tolower)    -- $line.tolower().split(" ")
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.md:209:6     - Unknown word (ipal)       -- - `ipal`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:77:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:78:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:79:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:80:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:93:3      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:350:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:488:6     - Unknown word (ipcsv)        -- - `ipcsv`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:174:66    - Unknown word (zunz)       -- af97-1154f9317239_tcw1zunz.ttf
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:176:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf\tmp_79468106-4e
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:177:5     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- tcw1zunz.ttf.psm1
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:182:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:78:40     - Unknown word (testscript) -- Command "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:79:13     - Unknown word (testscript) -- "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1" | Invoke-Expression
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:1529:38   - Unknown word (Brotli)       -- added support for the Brotli compression algorithm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:154:74    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- table index,host,source,sourcetype,_raw"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:261:1     - Unknown word (standardards) -- standardards-defined value format
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:284:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)      -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:900:78    - Unknown word (redirections) -- resolved URI after any redirections. When you
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:939:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:961:71    - Unknown word (redirections) -- of the request across redirections.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:141:21    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- User = 'jdoe'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:1496:38   - Unknown word (Brotli)       -- added support for the Brotli compression algorithm
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:175:44    - Unknown word (docspage)   -- StreamWriter]::new('.\docspage.html', $false, $Response
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:246:26    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- the image data for `jdoe.png` is submitted.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:260:59    - Unknown word (unkownhost) -- Uri "www.microsoft.com/unkownhost"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:363:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)    -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:923:32    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- pipeline, use the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:926:78    - Unknown word (redirections) -- resolved URI after any redirections. When you
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:960:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:982:71    - Unknown word (redirections) -- of the request across redirections.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:162:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:169:41    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Properties | Join-String @parms
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:127:20    - Unknown word (serviceyrs) -- Import-Csv d:\test\serviceyrs.csv | Measure-Object
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:137:42    - Unknown word (psiscontainer) -- Measure-Object -Property psiscontainer -Maximum -Sum -Minimum
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:102:2     - Unknown word (Objshell)   -- $Objshell = New-Object -COMObject
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:103:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell | Get-Member
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:104:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell.ToggleDesktop()
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:48:21     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- New-Variable -Name "zipcode" -Value 98033
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:51:39     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- creates a variable named zipcode and assigns it the value
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:101:39    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- stored in the variable, `$Procs`. `Out-File` uses the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:103:26    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- process objects in `$Procs` to the file **Process
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:144:32    - Unknown word (operartors) -- and the redirection operartors (`>` and `>>`) to 2
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:153:26    - Unknown word (logfile)    -- $logFile = "$pwd\logfile.txt"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:202:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:96:2      - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Process
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:97:48     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- Process.txt -InputObject $Procs -Encoding ASCII -Width
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:199:46    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- equivalent to the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:388:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:392:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net name:net`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:17     - Unknown word (Osan)       -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:23     - Unknown word (Koforidua)  -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.md:83:28     - Unknown word (messagedata) -- Event: {0}" -f $event.messagedata | Out-File c:\temp\MyEvents
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-ObjectEvent.md:131:62    - Unknown word (createand)  -- registration. First we createand and enable a timer object
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:426:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject = [PSCustomObject]@
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:431:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.md:509:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:143:59    - Unknown word (innerxml)   -- Expression= {($_.node.innerxml).trim()}}, Path -AutoSize
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:225:29    - Unknown word (Innerxml)   -- ForEach-Object {$_.Node.Innerxml}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.md:278:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:263:66    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Property Name, Options -Autosize`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:422:26    - Unknown word (aliasname)  -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:aliasname`.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:155:32    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- PSBreakpoint -Command "checklog"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:157:12    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- Command : checklog
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:167:5     - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- PS> Checklog
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:169:40    - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- breakpoint on 'prompt:Checklog'
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Show-Command.md:333:6     - Unknown word (shcm)       -- - `shcm`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.md:70:65     - Unknown word (processname) -- proc | Select-Object processname,handles
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:47:30     - Unknown word (parameterbinding) -- Command -Name metadata,parameterbinding,cmdlet -Expression
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:86:57     - Unknown word (echoargs)         -- ParameterBinding { TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f }
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.md:383:3     - Unknown word (Noteproperty) -- - Noteproperty
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.md:65:8      - Unknown word (Autoreset)  -- $Timer.Autoreset = $False
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:159:49    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 0 "Step $i - Substep $j"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:161:52    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 1 "Step $i - Substep $j - iteration $k"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:156:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:165:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:245:65    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:266:57    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- itialization parameter named "testparametername"
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:272:21    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- -ParamName testparametername `
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:273:22    - Unknown word (testparametervalue) -- -ParamValue testparametervalue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:563:35    - Unknown word (PCWSTR)             -- represents the XML as a **PCWSTR** memory buffer.
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Disconnect-WSMan.md:46:4      - Unknown word (Outpue)     -- ```Outpue
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:217:10    - Unknown word (UBPO)       -- Aliases: UBPO, Base
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:485:31    - Unknown word (objectandepr) -- values: object, epr, objectandepr
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:108:28    - Unknown word (startservice)     -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:302:29    - Unknown word (stopservice)      -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmicimv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:50:28     - Unknown word (startservice) -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:70:28     - Unknown word (stopservice)  -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:89:109    - Unknown word (currentdirectory) -- commandline="notepad.exe";currentdirectory="C:\"}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:216:29    - Unknown word (stopservice) -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmi/cimv
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:406:28    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- WmiInstance` uses the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Remove-WSManInstance.md:362:64    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- similar. They use the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:103:40    - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb ="200"}`
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:79:68     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb = "200"}
reference/7.4/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:94:36     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- sets the **MaxEnvelopeSizekb** value to 200 on the
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Enable-WSManTrace.md:38:23     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- The session is named `wsmlog`.
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:106:23    - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- Accepted values: bin, bincirc, csv, tsv, sql
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:43:28     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- SessionName = 'wsmlog'
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:45:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraces)  -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraces.log"
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:46:28     - Unknown word (bincirc)    -- Format = 'bincirc'
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:51:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraceproviders) -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraceproviders.txt"
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:97:3      - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- - bincirc - binary with circular
reference/7.4/PSDiagnostics/Stop-Trace.md:40:26     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- Trace -SessionName 'wsmlog'
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:165:4     - Unknown word (asplaintext) -- - `asplaintext`
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:167:4     - Unknown word (apikey)      -- - `apikey`
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:79    - Unknown word (ysdfayf)     -- AsPlainText) -Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:89    - Unknown word (hfasd)       -- Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret2' has
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:245:6     - Unknown word (PGPASS)      -- $env:PGPASS = gcloud auth print
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:268:5     - Unknown word (Autoadjusts) -- - Autoadjusts the size based on the
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:51:51     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- 0, PowerShell skips autoloading PSReadLine on
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:433:13    - Unknown word (Rubout)     -- ### UnixWordRubout
reference/7.4/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:560:15    - Unknown word (Begining)   -- ### ViInsertAtBegining
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:256:54    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:262:60    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol doesn't support
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimAssociatedInstance.md:329:6     - Unknown word (gcai)       -- - `gcai`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimClass.md:315:6     - Unknown word (gcls)       -- - `gcls`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:455:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:461:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimInstance.md:520:6     - Unknown word (gcim)       -- - `gcim`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:113:70    - Unknown word (serv)       -- names that begin with **serv**.
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Get-CimSession.md:250:6     - Unknown word (gcms)       -- - `gcms`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:388:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:37    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM protocol, you get an
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:395:74    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- you get an error. The DCOM protocol does not
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Invoke-CimMethod.md:473:6     - Unknown word (icim)       -- - `icim`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:329:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:15    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- created using DCOM protocol, you will get
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:335:65    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:409:6     - Unknown word (ncim)       -- - `ncim`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:64     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:80:88     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="domain\user
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:52     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- class -Property @{Name="testvar";VariableValue="testvalue
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimInstance.md:94:76     - Unknown word (testvalue)  -- testvar";VariableValue="testvalue";UserName="Contoso\User
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:109:43    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- a CIM session using DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:111:63    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- the Distributed COM (DCOM) protocol instead of
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:114:49    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:370:6     - Unknown word (ncms)       -- - `ncms`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSession.md:50:28     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSession` creates a DCOM session to the local
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:182:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:233:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:250:17    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Parameter Sets: DcomParameterSet
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:269:18    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Accepted values: Dcom, Default, Wsman
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:35:5      - Unknown word (Dcom)       -- ### DcomParameterSet
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:421:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:485:6     - Unknown word (ncso)         -- - `ncso`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:51:8      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Model (DCOM) options. Depending
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:52:4      - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- of DCOM session options or returns
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:56:56     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session options object for DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:58:59     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- options object for the DCOM protocol and stores
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:64:38     - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:23     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/New-CimSessionOption.md:96:47     - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format such as "EN
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Register-CimIndicationEvent.md:396:6     - Unknown word (rcie)       -- - `rcie`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:244:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:249:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:250:41    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:324:6     - Unknown word (rcim)       -- - `rcim`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:69:62     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- the character string **testvar** .
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimInstance.md:72:77     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"'
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Remove-CimSession.md:236:6     - Unknown word (rcms)       -- - `rcms`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:104:77    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**. Because the
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:105:3     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:112:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:115:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name="testvar"'
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:126:74    - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:142:87    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- VariableValue** property to **somevalue**.
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:143:15    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Because the **Passthru** parameter is used
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:147:60    - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:339:55    - Unknown word (DMTF)       -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:344:94    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- session created using DCOM
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:345:46    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- an error, because the DCOM protocol does not support
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:414:20    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- When you use the **Passthru** parameter, this cmdlet
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:421:6     - Unknown word (scim)       -- - `scim`
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:81:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' -Property @{VariableValue
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:91:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where name LIKE "testvar%"' |
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:98:74     - Unknown word (testvar)    -- Environment where Name="testvar"'
reference/7.5/CimCmdlets/Set-CimInstance.md:99:60     - Unknown word (somevalue)  -- Property @{VariableValue="somevalue"} -PassThru
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:101:58    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- zip` file contains `Draftdoc.docx` and all the files
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:121:86    - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- file only contains `Draftdoc.docx`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:208:93    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- subdirectory named `testsub`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:209:20    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- that contains the `testlog.txt` file.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:2     - Unknown word (testsub)    -- `testsub` and a **FileInfo**
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:213:38    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- *FileInfo** object `testlog.txt`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:45    - Unknown word (testsub)    -- object creates the `testsub` directory and contains
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:222:82    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- directory and contains the `testlog.txt` file,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:224:48    - Unknown word (testlog)    -- creates a duplicate `testlog.txt` in the archive
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Compress-Archive.md:91:24     - Unknown word (Draftdoc)   -- Path = "C:\Reference\Draftdoc.docx", "C:\Reference
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Archive/Expand-Archive.md:58:22     - Unknown word (Draftv)     -- Expand-Archive -Path Draftv2.zip -DestinationPath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:122:395   - Unknown word (modulename) -- follow the form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/About.md:122:408   - Unknown word (experimentname) -- form of `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:232:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem' > out.txt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:232:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:241:31    - Unknown word (Childitem)     -- noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem > out.txt'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:241:7     - Unknown word (noprofile)     -- pwsh -noprofile -command 'Get-Childitem
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:255:4     - Unknown word (xtermm)        -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:55:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **Strikethrough** - Turns strike through
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_ANSI_Terminals.md:56:5      - Unknown word (Strikethrough) -- - **StrikethroughOff** - Turns strike
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:150:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command creates the `serv` alias for the `Get
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:159:36    - Unknown word (serv)       -- New-Item -Path . -Name serv -Value Get-Service
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:249:27    - Unknown word (serv)       -- command deletes the `serv` alias from the current
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Alias_Provider.md:253:25    - Unknown word (serv)       -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:serv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:11    - Unknown word (minvalue)   -- ([int32]::minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:32    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- minvalue + [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:229:42    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- [uint32]::maxvalue).gettype().fullname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:243:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:246:16    - Unknown word (maxvalue)   -- PS> [Decimal]::maxvalue + 1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arithmetic_Operators.md:358:30    - Unknown word (filefilefile) -- 3 # result = "filefilefile"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1002:64   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- int]]::new().Item('nosuchkey')
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:1003:72   - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- Item": "The given key 'nosuchkey'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:345:20    - Unknown word (Longlength) -- **Count** alias. **Longlength** is useful if the array
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:787:51    - Unknown word (Instrinsic) -- members, see [about_Instrinsic_Members][08].
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Arrays.md:999:59    - Unknown word (nosuchkey)  -- string, int]]::new()['nosuchkey']
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:219:18    - Unknown word (formatstring) -- formatstring='O'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:255:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:343:21    - Unknown word (Metacontent)  -- '' {'Metacontent'}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:51:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:59:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:65:6      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - optional
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calculated_Properties.md:97:4      - Unknown word (formatstring) -- - `formatstring` - Specifies a format
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Calling_Generic_Methods.md:61:9      - Unknown word (Linq)       -- `System.Linq.Enumerable` class to
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Character_Encoding.md:164:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:165:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:176:32    - Unknown word (nwhich)     -- Time to read $Book,`nwhich was published $Age years
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes.md:317:35    - Unknown word (Unwin)      -- = 'George Allen & Unwin'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Constructors.md:446:13    - Unknown word (nondefault) -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:108:25    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- System.IFormattable,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:1414:13   - Unknown word (nondefault)  -- To invoke a nondefault base constructor, add
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:429:14    - Unknown word (Pinkney)     -- 'Jerry Pinkney',
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:617:20    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- #### Implementing IFormattable
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:620:11    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- **System.IFormattable**. This interface enables
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:622:24    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- inherit from **System.IFormattable** and define the `ToString
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Inheritance.md:702:29    - Unknown word (Formattable) -- Temperature : System.IFormattable {
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:202:54    - Unknown word (nonstatic)      -- GetVolume()` as an instance (nonstatic) method. This
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Methods.md:32:1      - Unknown word (Nonterminating) -- Nonterminating errors written to the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:124:24    - Unknown word (Mikey)      -- DisplayName = 'Mikey Lombardi'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Classes_Properties.md:125:24    - Unknown word (michaeltlombardi) -- UserName = 'michaeltlombardi'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:210:16    - Unknown word (Progra)     -- //localhost/c$/Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Precedence.md:219:2     - Unknown word (Progra)     -- /Progra~1/PowerShell/7-preview
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:161:36    - Unknown word (huas)       -- also known as chi-hua-huas -->
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:171:27    - Unknown word (binkies)    -- []` - also known as binkies -->
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:184:34    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- Name MyAlias -Value mycommand.exe
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Command_Syntax.md:236:21    - Unknown word (mycommand)  -- New-Alias MyAlias mycommand.exe
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:677:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comment_Based_Help.md:681:25    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:487:10    - Unknown word (proga)      -- Aliases: proga
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:48:23     - Unknown word (proga)      -- **ProgressAction** (proga)
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md:741:72    - Unknown word (defau)      -- Suspend [?] Help (defau
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:11    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell", "Shell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:419:2     - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- "Rhell", "Chell", "Mel", "Smell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:11    - Unknown word (Rhell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Comparison_Operators.md:420:18    - Unknown word (Chell)      -- # Output: Rhell, Chell, Shell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:175:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Data_Sections.md:186:29    - Unknown word (stringdata) -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:148:2     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- $scriptname = $MyInvocation.PSCommandPath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:288:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> Set-PSBreakpoint .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:297:20    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- [localhost]: PS C:\psscripts> .\ttest19.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:298:28    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- Line breakpoint on 'C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:300:7     - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- At C:\psscripts\ttest19.ps1:11 char
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:304:27    - Unknown word (psscripts)  -- localhost]: [DBG]: PS C:\psscripts>> list
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:348:10    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- function psversion {
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:359:1     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- psversion
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:405:23    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:1 function psversion {
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:424:7     - Unknown word (scriptname) -- DBG> $scriptname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:430:2     - Unknown word (psversion)  -- `psversion` function.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:434:14    - Unknown word (psversion)  -- test.ps1:12 psversion
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:498:10    - Unknown word (delbr)      -- function delbr { gbp | rbp }
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:501:35    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- breakpoint on the `$scriptname` variable.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:504:43    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PSBreakpoint -variable scriptname -script test.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Debuggers.md:510:23    - Unknown word (scriptname) -- PS C:\ps-test> sbp -v scriptname -s test.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:19:16     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:360:16    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- - **POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK**
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:363:15    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:369:55    - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Environment_Variables.md:544:6     - Unknown word (xtermm)      -- - `xtermm` - sets `$PSStyle.OutputRende
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:16     - Unknown word (experimentname) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`. The `ExperimentAction
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:45:3      - Unknown word (modulename) -- `<modulename>.<experimentname>`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Experimental_Features.md:69:31     - Unknown word (PSSSH)          -- Experimental("MyRemoting.PSSSHRemoting", "Show")]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:284:27    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- command creates the `logfiles` directory on the `C
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:287:26    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- Item -Path c:\ -Name logfiles -Type directory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:295:53    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- txt` file in the `C:\logfiles` directory and
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:299:19    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- New-Item -Path c:\logfiles -Name log2.txt -Type
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:304:45    - Unknown word (logfiles)    -- log2.txt` in the `C:\logfiles` directory and adds
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:418:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_FileSystem_Provider.md:76:53     - Unknown word (filesystems) -- used. Linux and macOS filesystems support
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_For.md:352:60    - Unknown word (filenamess) -- sorted array of original filenamess at the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:326:45    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- custom view is named **mygciview** and adds the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:343:9     - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- name, **mygciview**, and format the table
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:358:30    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- Export-FormatData -Path ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:359:33    - Unknown word (Mygciview)  -- FormatData -AppendPath ./Mygciview.Format.ps1xml
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Format.ps1xml.md:367:13    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- <Name>mygciview</Name>
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:128:39    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- the next line. The `-Autosize` parameter resizes the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Function_Provider.md:132:42    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Format-Table -Wrap -Autosize
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:221:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix = Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions.md:222:4     - Unknown word (allpix)     -- $allpix | Where-Object {$_.LastWriteT
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters.md:742:50    - Unknown word (dynamicparameters) -- tab completion. Like **dynamicparameters**, the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Argument_Completion.md:265:37    - Unknown word (pswh)       -- toryCompleter(ContainingFile="pswh.exe", Depth=2)]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Group_Policy_Settings.md:59:10     - Unknown word (gpedit)     -- editor (`gpedit.msc`).
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:420:23    - Unknown word (Servi)      -- System.ServiceProcess.Servi... Running
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md:428:59    - Unknown word (Manag)      -- Remote Management (WS-Manag...
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Join.md:83:22     - Unknown word (ERSHELL)    -- a = "WIND", "S P", "ERSHELL"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:224:5     - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- - `[adsisearcher]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:236:5     - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- - `[cimclass]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:237:5     - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- - `[cimconverter]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:238:5     - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- - `[ciminstance]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:240:5     - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- - `[cimtype]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:242:5     - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- - `[cultureinfo]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:262:5     - Unknown word (mailaddress)  -- - `[mailaddress]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:272:5     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- - `[pscredential]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:275:5     - Unknown word (pslistmodifier) -- - `[pslistmodifier]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:277:5     - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- - `[psprimitivedictionary]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:282:5     - Unknown word (securestring)          -- - `[securestring]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:313:5     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- - `[wmiclass]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Language_Modes.md:314:5     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- - `[wmisearcher]`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:138:2     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- `journalctl` utility to query the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:141:1     - Unknown word (journalctl) -- journalctl --grep powershell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:181:5     - Unknown word (MACHINENAME) -- - **MACHINENAME** - The name of the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:218:5     - Unknown word (syslogtag)   -- :syslogtag, contains, "powershell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:46:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Non-Windows.md:47:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:38:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl = Get-Module PSReadLine
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md:39:4      - Unknown word (psrl)       -- $psrl.LogPipelineExecutionDetails
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:107:11    - Unknown word (autoloading) -- ## Module autoloading
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Modules.md:114:8     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- Module autoloading allows you to use commands
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:120:15    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- the literal `1usgb` is malformed, because
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:197:9     - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- | 0xFFFFs | Int16      |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:218:70    - Unknown word (FFFFs)      -- 0 the expression `0xFFFFs`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:254:35    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- valid syntax like `1usgb` will result in the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:257:6     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- PS> 1usgb
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:259:4     - Unknown word (usgb)       -- + 1usgb
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:261:23    - Unknown word (usgb)       -- The numeric constant 1usgb is not valid.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:266:56    - Unknown word (gbus)       -- invalid syntax like `1gbus` will be
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Numeric_Literals.md:327:71    - Unknown word (casies)     -- BigInteger]` using special casies to
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operator_Precedence.md:88:14     - Unknown word (coalese)    -- | `??` (null-coalese operator)
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:254:15    - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- PS> $c = "get-executionpolicy"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:256:5     - Unknown word (executionpolicy) -- get-executionpolicy
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md:317:46    - Unknown word (subshell)        -- it asynchronously in subshell as a job.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PSItem.md:110:60    - Unknown word (uppercases) -- the **ForEach** method uppercases the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:133:24    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem -Path c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:134:18    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs -Exclude *.ppt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:135:39    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- Exclude *.ppt -Path c:\techdocs
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parameters.md:136:33    - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- ChildItem -Exclude *.ppt c:\techdocs
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:130:62    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- expandable string, except metacharacters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:132:23    - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- - The argument-mode metacharacters (characters with special
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:182:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO A,B`      | argument
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:183:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO $AB`      | expression
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:184:9     - Unknown word (CECHO)          -- | `CMD /CECHO :$AB`     | argument
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:190:1     - Unknown word (metacharacters) -- metacharacters that you want to use
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:191:1     - Unknown word (metacharacter)  -- metacharacter. For example, to use
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:214:28    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName "myVnet" `
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:241:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)           -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:348:4     - Unknown word (cscript)        -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:349:4     - Unknown word (wscript)        -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:370:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:379:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- PS> TestExe -echoargs '' a b ''
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:394:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:395:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs '"C:\Program Files
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:402:10    - Unknown word (echoargs)       -- TestExe -echoargs """""${env:ProgramFiles
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:525:24    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- findstr /c:"foo" ~\repocache.clixml
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:536:16    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- Notice that `~\repocache.clixml` was expanded
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Parsing.md:537:17    - Unknown word (repocache)      -- `C:\Users\user2\repocache.clixml`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Path_Syntax.md:21:16     - Unknown word (pathnames)  -- In PowerShell, pathnames can be one of two types
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipeline_Chain_Operators.md:172:25    - Unknown word (behaviour)  -- of PowerShell 7, the behaviour of these syntaxes has
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:432:24    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- curl -s -L $uri | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:441:41    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pipelines.md:444:42    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:406:10    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- - `EnableTranscripting` - When this setting
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_PowerShell_Config.md:419:16    - Unknown word (Transcripting) -- "EnableTranscripting": true,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1041:4    - Unknown word (cscript)    -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1044:4    - Unknown word (wscript)    -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1064:29   - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- native commands, like [robocopy][01] use non-zero exit
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1072:5    - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- robocopy.exe D:\reports\operational
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:1074:16   - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- throw "robocopy failed with exit code
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:578:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:592:24    - Unknown word (nofile)     -- Get-ChildItem -Path C:\nofile.txt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:903:2     - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- `hexdump.ps1` to illustrate the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:917:18    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- when piped into `hexdump.ps1` created above.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:921:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Preference_Variables.md:938:23    - Unknown word (hexdump)    -- café' | pwsh -File ./hexdump.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:219:28    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- function Get-CmdletAlias ($cmdletname) {
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:221:55    - Unknown word (cmdletname) -- .Definition -like "$cmdletname"} |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:230:4     - Unknown word (hosttime)   -- $hosttime = (Get-ChildItem -Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:231:4     - Unknown word (hostversion) -- $hostversion="$($Host.Version.Major
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:45    - Unknown word (hostversion) -- WindowTitle = "PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Profiles.md:232:59    - Unknown word (hosttime)    -- PowerShell $hostversion ($hosttime)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:273:22    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- pwsh -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:275:37    - Unknown word (mydebugpipe) -- PSHostProcess -CustomPipeName mydebugpipe
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:290:7     - Unknown word (encodedcommand) -- pwsh -encodedcommand $encodedCommand
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:330:12    - Unknown word (chsh)           -- - Use the [chsh][04] utility to set
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:334:3     - Unknown word (chsh)           -- chsh -s /usr/bin/pwsh
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:358:24    - Unknown word (noni)           -- -NonInteractive | -noni
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:394:33    - Unknown word (myproject)      -- pwsh -SettingsFile c:\myproject\powershell.config.json
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:396:23    - Unknown word (sshs)           -- # -SSHServerMode | -sshs
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:268     - Unknown word (noni)       -- nol, -NonInteractive, -noni, -NoProfile, -nop,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Pwsh.md:5:359     - Unknown word (sshs)       -- settings, -SSHServerMode, -sshs, -STA, -Version, -v
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:239:24    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- curl -s -L $uri | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:248:41    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:251:42    - Unknown word (xzvf)       -- uri).Content | tar -xzvf - -C .
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Redirection.md:91:10     - Unknown word (fakepath)   -- dir C:\, fakepath 2>&1 > .\dir.log
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:38:32     - Unknown word (csplit)     -- , `-creplace`, or `-csplit`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Regular_Expressions.md:39:41     - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- statement, use the `-casesensitive` option
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:393:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts -Value *
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Remote_Troubleshooting.md:401:33    - Unknown word (trustedhosts) -- wsman:localhost\client\trustedhosts *.fabrikam.com
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:128:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (version `0.12.0` or
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:131:43    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- ModuleName="AzureRM.Netcore"; ModuleVersion="0.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:134:23    - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Require that `AzureRM.Netcore` (**only** version
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:53:20     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Get-Module AzureRM.Netcore | Remove-Module
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Requires.md:54:28     - Unknown word (Netcore)    -- Requires -Modules AzureRM.Netcore
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:17    - Unknown word (Feld)       -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:22    - Unknown word (Benutzername) -- errorMsg1 = Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:35    - Unknown word (darf)         -- Das Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:40    - Unknown word (nicht)        -- Feld Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:113:51    - Unknown word (sein)         -- Benutzername darf nicht leer sein.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:13    - Unknown word (Geben)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:23    - Unknown word (Ihren)        -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:114:29    - Unknown word (Benutzernamen) -- promptMsg = Geben Sie Ihren Benutzernamen ein.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:14    - Unknown word (مرحبًا)        -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:21    - Unknown word (أيها)          -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:123:26    - Unknown word (العالَم)       -- helloWorld = مرحبًا أيها العالَم
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:16    - Unknown word (يمكنك)         -- errorMsg1 = لا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخد
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:34    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- ا يمكنك ترك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:124:43    - Unknown word (فارغًا)        -- رك حقل اسم المستخدم فارغًا
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:13    - Unknown word (يرجى)          -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:18    - Unknown word (إدخال)         -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:28    - Unknown word (المستخدم)      -- promptMsg = يرجى إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:125:37    - Unknown word (الخاص)         -- إدخال اسم المستخدم الخاص بك
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:224:19    - Unknown word (Heute)         -- messageDate = Heute ist
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:225:10    - Unknown word (Sonntag)       -- d0 = Sonntag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:226:10    - Unknown word (Montag)        -- d1 = Montag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:227:10    - Unknown word (Dienstag)      -- d2 = Dienstag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:228:10    - Unknown word (Mittwoch)      -- d3 = Mittwoch
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:229:10    - Unknown word (Donnerstag)    -- d4 = Donnerstag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:230:10    - Unknown word (Freitag)       -- d5 = Freitag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:231:10    - Unknown word (Samstag)       -- d6 = Samstag
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Script_Internationalization.md:68:22     - Unknown word (msgtable)   -- stores them in the `$msgtable` variable.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:154:20    - Unknown word (dayofyear)  -- $date = (get-date).dayofyear
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:184:42    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- connection $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:14    - Unknown word (pssession)   -- $s = new-pssession $computername -erroraction
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:193:39    - Unknown word (erroraction) -- pssession $computername -erroraction SilentlyContinue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Scripts.md:345:25    - Unknown word (juneb)       -- Directory: C:\Users\juneb\Documents\WindowsPowerShell
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Session_Configurations.md:178:1     - Unknown word (ugin)       -- ugin
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:197:37    - Unknown word (codesigning) -- cert:\CurrentUser\my -codesigning
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:234:2     - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- [cmdletbinding()]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Signing.md:279:2     - Unknown word (Certmgr)       -- `Certmgr.exe` to export your
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:133:53    - Unknown word (nbetween)   -- create a blank line`n`nbetween the words."
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Special_Characters.md:203:37    - Unknown word (vbetween)   -- There is a vertical tab`vbetween the words."
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Splatting.md:256:29    - Unknown word (Vnet)       -- VirtualNetworkName = "myVnet"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:484:34    - Unknown word (simplematch) -- test" -split ".", 0, "simplematch"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:75:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:76:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:92:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname:FirstName:Address"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:93:1      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- Lastname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Split.md:99:2      - Unknown word (Lastname)   -- "Lastname/:/FirstName/:/Address
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:66:30     - Unknown word (psdf)       -- functions. For example, `i-psdf<tab>` returns `Import
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Tab_Expansion.md:95:28     - Unknown word (actsetup)   -- Get-Content C:\windows\actsetup.log
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Telemetry.md:42:4      - Unknown word (Geolocation) -- > [Geolocation and IP address handling
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:128:3     - Unknown word (wmiclass)              -- | wmiclass
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:129:3     - Unknown word (wmisearcher)           -- | wmisearcher |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:29:3      - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- | adsisearcher | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:41:3      - Unknown word (cimclass)     -- | cimclass
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:42:3      - Unknown word (cimconverter) -- | cimconverter | [Microsoft
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:43:3      - Unknown word (ciminstance)  -- | ciminstance |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:45:3      - Unknown word (cimtype)      -- | cimtype
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:47:3      - Unknown word (cultureinfo)  -- | cultureinfo |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:60:3      - Unknown word (initialsessionstate) -- | initialsessionstate | [System.Management
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:68:3      - Unknown word (mailaddress)         -- | mailaddress |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:76:3      - Unknown word (psaliasproperty)     -- | psaliasproperty | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:77:3      - Unknown word (pscredential)        -- | pscredential | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:80:3      - Unknown word (pslistmodifier)      -- | pslistmodifier | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:81:3      - Unknown word (psmoduleinfo)        -- | psmoduleinfo | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:82:3      - Unknown word (psnoteproperty)      -- | psnoteproperty | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:84:3      - Unknown word (psprimitivedictionary) -- | psprimitivedictionary | [System.Management
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:85:3      - Unknown word (pspropertyexpression)  -- | pspropertyexpression | [Microsoft
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:86:3      - Unknown word (psscriptmethod)        -- | psscriptmethod | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:87:3      - Unknown word (psscriptproperty)      -- | psscriptproperty | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:89:3      - Unknown word (psvariable)            -- | psvariable |
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:90:3      - Unknown word (psvariableproperty)    -- | psvariableproperty | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:94:3      - Unknown word (runspacefactory)       -- | runspacefactory | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Accelerators.md:97:3      - Unknown word (securestring)          -- | securestring | [System
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:109:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot = (Get-Item /) -as
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:110:6     - Unknown word (fsroot)     -- PS> $fsroot.GetType().FullName
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:124:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:129:1     - Unknown word (mercredi)   -- mercredi 13 mai 2020 00:00:0
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:185:10    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- PS> (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:188:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [System.Globalization
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:191:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Array]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:194:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) | foreach {
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Type_Operators.md:200:25    - Unknown word (uiculture)  -- (get-culture), (get-uiculture) -is [Object]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:219:8     - Unknown word (Typedata)   -- Update-Typedata -PrependPath $PSHOME
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:464:42    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- `ToDateTime` and `ToDmtfDateTime` static methods
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Types.ps1xml.md:480:55    - Unknown word (Dmtf)       -- nagementDateTimeConverter]::ToDmtfDateTime($args[0])
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:37:13     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK` environment variable
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Update_Notifications.md:41:53     - Unknown word (UPDATECHECK) -- defining `POWERSHELL_UPDATECHECK`:
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:154:16    - Unknown word (Literalpath) -- Get-ChildItem -Literalpath ?
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:229:27    - Unknown word (serv)        -- command deletes the `serv` variable from the current
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Variable_Provider.md:233:32    - Unknown word (serv)        -- Variable -Path Variable:serv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:22:48     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- the files in the `C:\Techdocs` directory with a
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:26:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\*.ppt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Wildcards.md:61:18     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- Get-ChildItem C:\Techdocs\[a-l]*.txt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Windows_PowerShell_Compatibility.md:61:3      - Unknown word (autoloading) -- autoloading via command discovery
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:141:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Add-History.md:19:45     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- InputObject] <PSObject[]>] [-Passthru] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:108:46    - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:209:51    - Unknown word (pwrshplugin) -- : %windir%\system32\pwrshplugin.dll
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:220:5     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- IdleTimeoutms : 7
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:224:81    - Unknown word (GXGW)        -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GXGW;;;WD)
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:226:8     - Unknown word (Timeoutms)   -- MaxIdleTimeoutms : 2147
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Disconnect-PSSession.md:545:6     - Unknown word (dnsn)        -- - `dnsn`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:25     - Unknown word (GXGWGR)     -- sddl = "O:NSG:BAD:P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enable-PSSessionConfiguration.md:82:41     - Unknown word (GAGR)       -- P(A;;GXGWGR;;;BA)(A;;GAGR;;;S-1-5-21-12345678
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:122:19    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process: 1520]: [RSDBG: 4]: PS C:\>
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSHostProcess.md:137:17    - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:346]: [RSDBG: 3]: PS C:\> exit
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:204:70    - Unknown word (sshkeys)    -- :22 -KeyFilePath c:\sshkeys\userAKey_rsa
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:219:33    - Unknown word (sshkeys)    -- PSSession -KeyFilePath c:\sshkeys\userAKey_rsa -Options
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Enter-PSSession.md:938:6     - Unknown word (etsn)       -- - `etsn`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Exit-PSSession.md:106:6     - Unknown word (exsn)       -- - `exsn`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:116:24    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Command -Name Get-Childitem -Args Cert: -Syntax
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:303:74    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- liberately has a typo as 'get-commnd'.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:309:17    - Unknown word (commnd)     -- Get-Command get-commnd -UseFuzzyMatching
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:463:22    - Unknown word (Damerau)    -- calculated using the Damerau Levenshtein Distance
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Command.md:661:31    - Unknown word (psdf)       -- command. For example, `i-psdf` would match `Import
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:63    - Unknown word (Moduletype) -- Table -Property Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:204:81    - Unknown word (Groupby)    -- Name, Moduletype, Path -Groupby Name
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:332:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:353:79    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- create a session on the RSDGF03 remote
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:358:1     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- RSDGF03 computer. The command
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Module.md:717:29    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1311:29   - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- computer, PowerShell uses DCOM, instead of WMI, to
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:1322:61   - Unknown word (modulename) -- Get-Command -Module modulename` to see which members
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:314:57    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- Calendar -AsCustomObject -Passthru
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:538:76    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- remote computer named RSDGF03. The session
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:541:2     - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- `RSDGF03` computer.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Import-Module.md:552:36    - Unknown word (RSDGF)      -- CimSession -ComputerName RSDGF03
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Invoke-Command.md:1471:23   - Unknown word (Autiomation) -- **System.Management.Autiomation.Remoting.PSSessionOption
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-Module.md:228:11    - Unknown word (Manoj)      -- $m.hello("Manoj")
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-ModuleManifest.md:224:8     - Unknown word (JKBC)       -- 'JKBC'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSession.md:185:58    - Unknown word (Corpnet)    -- ComputerName Server1.Domain44.Corpnet.Fabrikam.com -Credential
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:160:52    - Unknown word (slst)       -- AliasDefinitions = @(@{Name='slst';Value='Select-String
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionConfigurationFile.md:195:30    - Unknown word (TESTSHARE)  -- EnvironmentVariables = @{TESTSHARE='\\Test2\Test'}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:27    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format (like `ja
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:314:3     - Unknown word (languagecode) -- `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:342:14    - Unknown word (Timeoutms)    -- the **MaxIdleTimeoutms** property of the session
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:386:46    - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- SPNs, such as by using `Setspn.exe`, that are registered
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:390:2     - Unknown word (Setspn)       -- [Setspn Overview](/previous
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:23    - Unknown word (languagecode) -- A culture name in `<languagecode2>-<country/regioncode
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/New-PSSessionOption.md:751:47    - Unknown word (regioncode)   -- languagecode2>-<country/regioncode2>` format, such as
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Out-Host.md:143:6     - Unknown word (lineoutput) -- `out-lineoutput : The method or operation
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:108:50    - Unknown word (fakeservice) -- criptBlock {Get-Service dhcp, fakeservice}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-Job.md:614:6     - Unknown word (rcjb)        -- - `rcjb`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:150:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:157:20    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Receive-PSSession @parms
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:252:6     - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> $parms = @{
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:260:21    - Unknown word (parms)      -- PS> Invoke-Command @parms
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Receive-PSSession.md:901:6     - Unknown word (rcsn)       -- - `rcsn`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:101:67    - Unknown word (newshell)   -- PSSession -ConfigurationName newshell`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:123:15    - Unknown word (Descritor)  -- the **SecurityDescritorSDDL** parameter to specify
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:55    - Unknown word (FASA)       -- P(AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Register-PSSessionConfiguration.md:128:60    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;FASA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Remove-PSSession.md:108:7     - Unknown word (Serv)       -- with `Serv`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:143:64    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- files in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:152:20    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- in the `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Save-Help.md:167:13    - Unknown word (Fileshare)  -- `\\Server01\Fileshare01` folder.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Start-Job.md:694:6     - Unknown word (sajb)       -- - `sajb`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Stop-Job.md:413:6     - Unknown word (spjb)       -- - `spjb`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Switch-Process.md:12:43     - Unknown word (execv)      -- the cmdlet calls the `execv()` function to provide
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Switch-Process.md:28:47     - Unknown word (execv)      -- cmdlet calls the native `execv()` function to provide
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Test-ModuleManifest.md:47:42     - Unknown word (modulemanifest) -- TestModule.psd1" | test-modulemanifest
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Unregister-PSSessionConfiguration.md:93:47     - Unknown word (Manageme)   -- OpenError: (System.Manageme....RemoteRunspace:RemoteRunsp
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:209:20    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- if (Test-Path $mdir\*helpinfo.xml)
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Update-Help.md:212:24    - Unknown word (mdir)       -- $mNodes = dir $mdir\*helpinfo.xml -ErrorAction
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:430:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Counter -Counter
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:431:2     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs.CounterSamples | Sort
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:449:76    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- result is stored in the `$Procs` variable. The
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-Counter.md:450:3     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- `$Procs` variable with the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:561:21    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:568:44    - Unknown word (timediff)   -- Level=3 and TimeCreated[timediff(@SystemTime) &amp;lt
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:599:3     - Unknown word (Logname)    -- Logname='Application'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/Get-WinEvent.md:845:86    - Unknown word (Logname)    -- WinEvent -LogName $_.Logname }`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Diagnostics/New-WinEvent.md:92:16     - Unknown word (Elasped)    -- to the **PolicyElaspedTimeInSeconds** field
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:89:2      - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- $sharepath = '\\Server01\Transcripts
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Host/Start-Transcript.md:95:32     - Unknown word (sharepath)  -- Transcript = Join-Path -Path $sharepath -ChildPath $filename
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:226:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Add-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Clear-RecycleBin.md:31:17     - Unknown word (readded)    -- This cmdlet was readded in PowerShell 7.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:26    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Convert-Path.md:133:40    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:173:32    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Item` cmdlet copies `scriptingexample.ps1` from the `D:\Folder
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:25    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- Copy-Item "D:\Folder004\scriptingexample.ps1" -Destination "C
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:179:79    - Unknown word (scriptingexample) -- estination "C:\Folder004_Copy\scriptingexample_copy.ps1" -ToSession
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:41:28     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:50:39     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- PassThru] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:75:22     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item "C:\Wabash\Logfiles\mar1604.log.txt" -Destination
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:80:45     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- contents of the `C:\Logfiles` directory into the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:81:17     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- directory. The `Logfiles` directory isn't copied
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:83:9      - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- If the `Logfiles` directory has files
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Copy-Item.md:88:21     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- Copy-Item -Path "C:\Logfiles\*" -Destination "C:
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-ChildItem.md:195:66    - Unknown word (hiddenfile) -- hidden files such as `hiddenfile.txt` that have a mode
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Clipboard.md:28:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:256:26    - Unknown word (bytearray)  -- Member -InputObject $bytearray
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Content.md:362:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:173:30    - Unknown word (ntoskrnl)     -- C:\Windows\System32\ntoskrnl.exe | Format-Table
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:21:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:29:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:37:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:46:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-CodeSigningCert
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Item.md:55:47     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-PSProvider.md:105:14    - Unknown word (psprovider) -- PS C:\> (get-psprovider FileSystem).home
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Process.md:230:78    - Unknown word (Windowtitle) -- Table Id, Name, mainWindowtitle -AutoSize
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:112:53    - Unknown word (dependentservices) -- dentServices"; Expression={$_.dependentservices.count}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:75:1      - Unknown word (xmlprov)    -- xmlprov, the Network Provisioning
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Get-Service.md:78:14     - Unknown word (Displayname) -- Get-Service -Displayname "*network*"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:41    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use `Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Join-Path.md:262:53    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname`, `Normpath`, `Realpath`, `Join`, or other path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management.md:52:84     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:35:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:44:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:54:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:62:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:89:41     - Unknown word (Logfiles)     -- creates a directory named "Logfiles" in the `C:` drive.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Item.md:93:29     - Unknown word (logfiles)     -- Item -Path "c:\" -Name "logfiles" -ItemType "directory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:100:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-ItemProperty.md:114:11    - Unknown word (multistring) -- $newValue.multistring[0]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:106:64    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- example, `d:\my share\myservice.exe` should be specified
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:107:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe"'`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:110:16    - Unknown word (myservice)                  -- `'"d:\my share\myservice.exe" arg1 arg2'`. These
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:64:57     - Unknown word (testservice) -- Service -Filter "Name='testservice'"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:16     - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:44     - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/New-Service.md:84:80     - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:54:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Remove-Item.md:61:36     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-Item.md:47:23     - Unknown word (logfiles)   -- Rename-Item -Path "c:\logfiles\daily_file.txt" -NewName
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:45:54     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- SmpApplication` key to "oldconfig".
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Rename-ItemProperty.md:48:79     - Unknown word (oldconfig)  -- Name config -NewName oldconfig
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:22:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:258:6     - Unknown word (rvpa)         -- - `rvpa`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Resolve-Path.md:29:16     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:82:2      - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Creds = Get-Credential
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:83:52     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- $Names -Credential $Creds -Force
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Restart-Computer.md:88:73     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- values in the variable `$Creds`. `Restart-Computer
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Clipboard.md:28:39     - Unknown word (xclip)      -- cmdlet requires the `xclip` utility to be in the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:224:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:22:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:31:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:40:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Content.md:48:69     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- Force] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:37:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:45:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:53:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Item.md:61:60     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:22:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:30:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:38:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:46:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-ItemProperty.md:54:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:16    - Unknown word (CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC) -- $SDDL = "D:(A;;CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSD
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:44    - Unknown word (CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO) -- CCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRRC;;;SY)(A;;CCDCLCSWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Set-Service.md:197:80    - Unknown word (CCLCSWLOCRRC)               -- SWRPWPDTLOCRSDRCWDWO;;;BA)(A;;CCLCSWLOCRRC;;;SU)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:65    - Unknown word (Normpath)   -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Split-Path.md:401:79    - Unknown word (Realpath)   -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:144:2     - Unknown word (nohup)        -- `nohup`. The following example
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:145:56    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- launching session. The `nohup` command collects output
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:146:2     - Unknown word (nohup)        -- `nohup.out` in the current
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:149:46    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- appends output to ./nohup.out
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:150:15    - Unknown word (nohup)        -- Start-Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:150:28    - Unknown word (noprofile)    -- Process nohup 'pwsh -noprofile -c "1..120 | % { Write
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:19:79     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Start-Process.md:64:26     - Unknown word (myfile)       -- Start-Process -FilePath "myfile.txt" -WorkingDirectory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:45:27     - Unknown word (usingthe)   -- resumed, such as by usingthe `Resume-Service` cmdlet
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Suspend-Service.md:66:13     - Unknown word (lanman)     -- starts with lanman. To suspend the services
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:155:24    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- Example 6: Use the Traceroute parameter
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:157:37    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- PowerShell 6.0, the **Traceroute** parameter maps a route
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:161:45    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName www.google.com -Traceroute
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:205:52    - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- is called with the **Traceroute** parameter. The results
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:23:4      - Unknown word (Dont)       -- [-DontFragment] [-Quiet] [
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:298:6     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- ### -DontFragment
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:30:75     - Unknown word (Dont)       -- BufferSize <int>] [-DontFragment] [-Quiet]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:37:43     - Unknown word (Traceroute) -- TargetName] <string[]> -Traceroute [-IPv4] [-IPv6] [-ResolveDest
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Connection.md:539:27    - Unknown word (traceroute) -- Causes the cmdlet to do a traceroute test. When this parameter
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:37:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:44:54     - Unknown word (pscredential) -- IsValid] [-Credential <pscredential>] [<CommonParameters
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:490:38    - Unknown word (Normpath)     -- would use **Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Management/Test-Path.md:490:52    - Unknown word (Realpath)     -- Dirname**, **Normpath**, **Realpath**, **Join**, or other
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:61:63     - Unknown word (makexml)    -- ps1, sign-file.ps1, makexml.ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Get-AuthenticodeSignature.md:90:79     - Unknown word (Pathor)     -- AsByteStream) -SourcePathorExtension ps1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Protect-CmsMessage.md:80:14     - Unknown word (KEYEXCHANGE) -- KeySpec = AT_KEYEXCHANGE
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:21:80     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:28:59     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- AclObject] <Object> [-Passthru] [-Filter <String>]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:321:6     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ### -Passthru
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-Acl.md:35:85     - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- ClearCentralAccessPolicy] [-Passthru]
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Security/Set-AuthenticodeSignature.md:87:46     - Unknown word (Mysign)     -- Certificate -FilePath C:\Test\Mysign.pfx
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:1     - Unknown word (Vincentio)  -- Vincentio = Heaven doth with us
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertFrom-StringData.md:205:133   - Unknown word (twere)      -- not go forth of us, 'twere all alike\nAs if we
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:76:72     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- ConvertTo-Html | Out-File pslog.htm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:79:43     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- an HTML page called `pslog.htm` that displays the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:84:49     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/ConvertTo-Html.md:86:75     - Unknown word (pslog)      -- the HTML code to the `pslog.htm` file.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Debug-Runspace.md:91:18     - Unknown word (RSDBG)      -- [Process:1152]: [RSDBG: 2]: PS C:\> >
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Alias.md:355:6     - Unknown word (epal)       -- - `epal`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:103:3     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:183:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:66:2      - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- $fileacl = Import-Clixml -Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:74:21     - Unknown word (fileacl)    -- the object in the `$fileacl` variable.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:87:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:88:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:89:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Clixml.md:90:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:481:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-Csv.md:773:6     - Unknown word (epcsv)        -- - `epcsv`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:49:57     - Unknown word (allformat)  -- Export-FormatData -Path "allformat.ps1xml" -IncludeScriptBlock
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-FormatData.md:66:32     - Unknown word (helpinfoshort) -- FormatData -TypeName "helpinfoshort"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Export-PSSession.md:298:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:188:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Hex.md:228:13    - Unknown word (fileinfo)     -- `[system.io.fileinfo]` are supported.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:106:51    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- Format-Table -View mygciview
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Table.md:124:73    - Unknown word (mygciview)  -- specify the custom view **mygciview** that includes
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Format-Wide.md:49:64     - Unknown word (pschildname) -- Format-Wide -Property pschildname -AutoSize
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:163:70    - Unknown word (Dayof)      -- is evaluated by the **DayofYear** property.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:411:53    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffff` (case-sensitive, using
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md:416:69    - Unknown word (Hmmssffff)  -- format is `yyyyMMddTHHmmssffffZ` (case-sensitive,
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:178:6     - Unknown word (gerr)       -- - `gerr`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:50:5      - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Get-Childitem -path /NoRealDirectory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:89:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- Line : Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:91:30     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- + Get-Childitem -path c:\NoRealDirectory
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Error.md:93:28     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- InvocationName : Get-Childitem
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-EventSubscriber.md:116:22    - Unknown word (gettype)    -- $Subscriber.action).gettype().fullname
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:100:2     - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- $pkgurl = 'https://github.com
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FileHash.md:102:54    - Unknown word (pkgurl)     -- InputStream ($wc.OpenRead($pkgurl))
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-FormatData.md:107:15    - Unknown word (bitstransfer) -- Import-Module bitstransfer
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-PSCallStack.md:56:26     - Unknown word (pscallstack) -- : PS C:\ps-test>get-pscallstack
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:100:43    - Unknown word (processname) -- Object | Select-Object processname | Get-Unique -AsString
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Unique.md:46:11     - Unknown word (tolower)    -- $line.tolower().split(" ")
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Alias.md:209:6     - Unknown word (ipal)       -- - `ipal`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:77:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:78:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential | Export-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:79:2      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- $Credxmlpath = Join-Path (Split-Path
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:80:30     - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- Credential = Import-Clixml $Credxmlpath
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Clixml.md:93:3      - Unknown word (Credxmlpath) -- `$Credxmlpath`, that you specified
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:350:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-Csv.md:488:6     - Unknown word (ipcsv)        -- - `ipcsv`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:174:66    - Unknown word (zunz)       -- af97-1154f9317239_tcw1zunz.ttf
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:176:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf\tmp_79468106-4e
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:177:5     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- tcw1zunz.ttf.psm1
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Import-PSSession.md:182:1     - Unknown word (zunz)       -- zunz.ttf
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:78:40     - Unknown word (testscript) -- Command "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-Expression.md:79:13     - Unknown word (testscript) -- "C:\ps-test\testscript.ps1" | Invoke-Expression
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:1529:38   - Unknown word (Brotli)       -- added support for the Brotli compression algorithm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:154:74    - Unknown word (sourcetype) -- table index,host,source,sourcetype,_raw"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:261:1     - Unknown word (standardards) -- standardards-defined value format
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:284:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)      -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:900:78    - Unknown word (redirections) -- resolved URI after any redirections. When you
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:939:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-RestMethod.md:961:71    - Unknown word (redirections) -- of the request across redirections.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:141:21    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- User = 'jdoe'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:1496:38   - Unknown word (Brotli)       -- added support for the Brotli compression algorithm
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:175:44    - Unknown word (docspage)   -- StreamWriter]::new('.\docspage.html', $false, $Response
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:246:26    - Unknown word (jdoe)       -- the image data for `jdoe.png` is submitted.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:260:59    - Unknown word (unkownhost) -- Uri "www.microsoft.com/unkownhost"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:363:2     - Unknown word (httpbin)    -- [httpbin.org](https://httpbin
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:923:32    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- pipeline, use the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:926:78    - Unknown word (redirections) -- resolved URI after any redirections. When you
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:960:87    - Unknown word (redirections) -- when present, across redirections.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Invoke-WebRequest.md:982:71    - Unknown word (redirections) -- of the request across redirections.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:162:2     - Unknown word (parms)      -- $parms = @{
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Join-String.md:169:41    - Unknown word (parms)      -- Properties | Join-String @parms
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:127:20    - Unknown word (serviceyrs) -- Import-Csv d:\test\serviceyrs.csv | Measure-Object
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Measure-Object.md:137:42    - Unknown word (psiscontainer) -- Measure-Object -Property psiscontainer -Maximum -Sum -Minimum
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:102:2     - Unknown word (Objshell)   -- $Objshell = New-Object -COMObject
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:103:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell | Get-Member
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Object.md:104:2     - Unknown word (objshell)   -- $objshell.ToggleDesktop()
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:48:21     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- New-Variable -Name "zipcode" -Value 98033
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/New-Variable.md:51:39     - Unknown word (zipcode)    -- creates a variable named zipcode and assigns it the value
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:101:39    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- stored in the variable, `$Procs`. `Out-File` uses the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:103:26    - Unknown word (Procs)      -- process objects in `$Procs` to the file **Process
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:144:32    - Unknown word (operartors) -- and the redirection operartors (`>` and `>>`) to 2
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:153:26    - Unknown word (logfile)    -- $logFile = "$pwd\logfile.txt"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:202:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:96:2      - Unknown word (Procs)      -- $Procs = Get-Process
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-File.md:97:48     - Unknown word (Procs)      -- Process.txt -InputObject $Procs -Encoding ASCII -Width
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:199:46    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- equivalent to the **Passthru** parameter.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:388:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Out-GridView.md:392:4     - Unknown word (displayname) -- `displayname:net name:net`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:17     - Unknown word (Osan)       -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Read-Host.md:84:23     - Unknown word (Koforidua)  -- "'New York; Osan; Koforidua'"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.md:83:28     - Unknown word (messagedata) -- Event: {0}" -f $event.messagedata | Out-File c:\temp\MyEvents
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:426:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject = [PSCustomObject]@
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Object.md:431:6     - Unknown word (newobject)  -- PS> $newobject
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-String.md:509:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:143:59    - Unknown word (innerxml)   -- Expression= {($_.node.innerxml).trim()}}, Path -AutoSize
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Select-Xml.md:225:29    - Unknown word (Innerxml)   -- ForEach-Object {$_.Node.Innerxml}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Send-MailMessage.md:278:4     - Unknown word (bigendianutf) -- - `bigendianutf32`: Encodes in UTF-
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:263:66    - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- Property Name, Options -Autosize`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-Alias.md:422:26    - Unknown word (aliasname)  -- Remove-Item -Path Alias:aliasname`.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:155:32    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- PSBreakpoint -Command "checklog"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:157:12    - Unknown word (checklog)   -- Command : checklog
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:167:5     - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- PS> Checklog
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Set-PSBreakpoint.md:169:40    - Unknown word (Checklog)   -- breakpoint on 'prompt:Checklog'
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Show-Command.md:333:6     - Unknown word (shcm)       -- - `shcm`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Tee-Object.md:70:65     - Unknown word (processname) -- proc | Select-Object processname,handles
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:47:30     - Unknown word (parameterbinding) -- Command -Name metadata,parameterbinding,cmdlet -Expression
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Trace-Command.md:86:57     - Unknown word (echoargs)         -- ParameterBinding { TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f }
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Update-TypeData.md:383:3     - Unknown word (Noteproperty) -- - Noteproperty
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Wait-Event.md:65:8      - Unknown word (Autoreset)  -- $Timer.Autoreset = $False
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:159:49    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 0 "Step $i - Substep $j"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Write-Progress.md:161:52    - Unknown word (Substep)    -- ParentId 1 "Step $i - Substep $j - iteration $k"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:156:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:165:28    - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- command uses the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to display the
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:245:65    - Unknown word (GWGX)       -- AU;FA;GA;;;WD)(AU;SA;GWGX;;;WD)"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:266:57    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- itialization parameter named "testparametername"
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:272:21    - Unknown word (testparametername) -- -ParamName testparametername `
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:273:22    - Unknown word (testparametervalue) -- -ParamValue testparametervalue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/About/about_WSMan_Provider.md:563:35    - Unknown word (PCWSTR)             -- represents the XML as a **PCWSTR** memory buffer.
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Disconnect-WSMan.md:46:4      - Unknown word (Outpue)     -- ```Outpue
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:217:10    - Unknown word (UBPO)       -- Aliases: UBPO, Base
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Get-WSManInstance.md:485:31    - Unknown word (objectandepr) -- values: object, epr, objectandepr
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:108:28    - Unknown word (startservice)     -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:302:29    - Unknown word (stopservice)      -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmicimv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:50:28     - Unknown word (startservice) -- WSManAction -Action startservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:70:28     - Unknown word (stopservice)  -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceURI wmicimv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Invoke-WSManAction.md:89:109    - Unknown word (currentdirectory) -- commandline="notepad.exe";currentdirectory="C:\"}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:216:29    - Unknown word (stopservice) -- WSManAction -Action stopservice -ResourceUri wmi/cimv
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/New-WSManInstance.md:406:28    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- WmiInstance` uses the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Remove-WSManInstance.md:362:64    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- similar. They use the DCOM connection/transport
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:103:40    - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb ="200"}`
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:79:68     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- ValueSet @{MaxEnvelopeSizekb = "200"}
reference/7.5/Microsoft.WSMan.Management/Set-WSManInstance.md:94:36     - Unknown word (Sizekb)     -- sets the **MaxEnvelopeSizekb** value to 200 on the
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Enable-WSManTrace.md:38:23     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- The session is named `wsmlog`.
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:106:23    - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- Accepted values: bin, bincirc, csv, tsv, sql
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:43:28     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- SessionName = 'wsmlog'
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:45:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraces)  -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraces.log"
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:46:28     - Unknown word (bincirc)    -- Format = 'bincirc'
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:51:49     - Unknown word (wsmtraceproviders) -- env:windir\system32\wsmtraceproviders.txt"
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Start-Trace.md:97:3      - Unknown word (bincirc)           -- - bincirc - binary with circular
reference/7.5/PSDiagnostics/Stop-Trace.md:40:26     - Unknown word (wsmlog)     -- Trace -SessionName 'wsmlog'
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:165:4     - Unknown word (asplaintext) -- - `asplaintext`
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:167:4     - Unknown word (apikey)      -- - `apikey`
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:79    - Unknown word (ysdfayf)     -- AsPlainText) -Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:204:89    - Unknown word (hfasd)       -- Secret2 sdv87ysdfayf798hfasd8f7ha # '-Secret2' has
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:245:6     - Unknown word (PGPASS)      -- $env:PGPASS = gcloud auth print
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:268:5     - Unknown word (Autoadjusts) -- - Autoadjusts the size based on the
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine.md:51:51     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- 0, PowerShell skips autoloading PSReadLine on
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:433:13    - Unknown word (Rubout)     -- ### UnixWordRubout
reference/7.5/PSReadLine/About/about_PSReadLine_Functions.md:560:15    - Unknown word (Begining)   -- ### ViInsertAtBegining
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:103:156   - Unknown word (fsackur)        -- compiled-cmdlets) (thanks @fsackur)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:104:143   - Unknown word (joshduffney)    -- functions) (thanks @joshduffney)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:122:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)      -- | doctordns |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:124:3     - Unknown word (nickdevore)     -- | nickdevore |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:125:3     - Unknown word (fsackur)        -- | fsackur |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:126:3     - Unknown word (Duffney)        -- | Duffney |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:127:3     - Unknown word (skycommand)     -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:128:3     - Unknown word (yecril)         -- | yecril71pl |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:129:3     - Unknown word (mklement)       -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:138:35    - Unknown word (RTPUG)          -- contribute to Docs for RTPUG - https://www.youtube
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:152:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)      -- | doctordns |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:153:3     - Unknown word (fatherjack)     -- | fatherjack |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:154:3     - Unknown word (goforgold)      -- | goforgold |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:155:3     - Unknown word (jonathanweinberg) -- | jonathanweinberg |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:156:3     - Unknown word (kvprasoon)        -- | kvprasoon |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:157:3     - Unknown word (skycommand)       -- | skycommand |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:158:3     - Unknown word (springcomp)       -- | springcomp |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:159:3     - Unknown word (themichaelbender) -- | themichaelbender |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:160:3     - Unknown word (toddryan)         -- | toddryan |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:161:3     - Unknown word (mklement)         -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:162:3     - Unknown word (setpeetrike)      -- | setpeetrike |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:184:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)           -- | sethvs |     10
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:185:3     - Unknown word (yecril)           -- | yecril71pl |     10
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:186:3     - Unknown word (mklement)         -- | mklement0 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:187:3     - Unknown word (springcomp)       -- | springcomp |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:189:3     - Unknown word (thorstenbutz)     -- | thorstenbutz |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:190:3     - Unknown word (aetos)            -- | aetos382 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:191:3     - Unknown word (crumdev)          -- | crumdev |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:193:3     - Unknown word (kmoad)            -- | kmoad |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:220:3     - Unknown word (yecril)           -- | yecril71pl |     10
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:221:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)           -- | sethvs |     10
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:222:3     - Unknown word (springcomp)       -- | springcomp |     3      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:223:3     - Unknown word (txtor)            -- | txtor |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:224:3     - Unknown word (baardhermansen)   -- | baardhermansen |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:225:3     - Unknown word (skycommand)       -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:226:3     - Unknown word (srjennings)       -- | srjennings |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:227:3     - Unknown word (xtqqczze)         -- | xtqqczze |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:228:3     - Unknown word (mklement)         -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:229:3     - Unknown word (Allexxann)        -- | Allexxann |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:230:3     - Unknown word (sharpninja)       -- | sharpninja |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:231:5     - Unknown word (Heng)             -- | XuHeng1021 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:259:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)        -- | doctordns |     3      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:260:3     - Unknown word (gabrielmccoll)    -- | gabrielmccoll |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:261:3     - Unknown word (adrianhale)       -- | adrianhale |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:262:3     - Unknown word (aisbergde)        -- | aisbergde |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:263:3     - Unknown word (beatcracker)      -- | beatcracker |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:264:3     - Unknown word (bergmeister)      -- | bergmeister |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:265:8     - Unknown word (Arzaba)           -- | DarioArzaba |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:266:3     - Unknown word (gforceg)          -- | gforceg |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:267:3     - Unknown word (jpomfret)         -- | jpomfret |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:269:3     - Unknown word (signalwarrant)    -- | signalwarrant |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:271:3     - Unknown word (tkhadimullin)     -- | tkhadimullin |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:272:3     - Unknown word (johnkberry)       -- | johnkberry |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:273:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)           -- | juvtib |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:274:3     - Unknown word (mklement)         -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:275:3     - Unknown word (Sagatboy)         -- | Sagatboy33 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:317:3     - Unknown word (nschonni)         -- | nschonni |     10
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:318:3     - Unknown word (xtqqczze)         -- | xtqqczze |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:319:3     - Unknown word (kilasuit)         -- | kilasuit |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:320:3     - Unknown word (davidseibel)      -- | davidseibel |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:321:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)        -- | doctordns |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:322:3     - Unknown word (jhoffmann)        -- | jhoffmann271 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:324:3     - Unknown word (klitztuch)        -- | klitztuch |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:325:3     - Unknown word (markojorge)       -- | markojorge |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:326:3     - Unknown word (perjahn)          -- | perjahn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:327:3     - Unknown word (schuelermine)     -- | schuelermine |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:328:3     - Unknown word (jsilverm)         -- | jsilverm |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:332:3     - Unknown word (peetrike)         -- | peetrike |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:365:5     - Unknown word (Surber)           -- | ScSurber |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:366:3     - Unknown word (alexandair)       -- | alexandair |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:367:3     - Unknown word (bmkaiser)         -- | bmkaiser |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:368:3     - Unknown word (hyoshioka)        -- | hyoshioka0128 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:369:3     - Unknown word (jpomfret)         -- | jpomfret |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:370:3     - Unknown word (raydixon)         -- | raydixon |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:371:3     - Unknown word (signalwarrant)    -- | signalwarrant |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:373:3     - Unknown word (reinierk)         -- | reinierk |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:374:3     - Unknown word (scabon)           -- | scabon |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:376:3     - Unknown word (awooga)           -- | awooga |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:377:3     - Unknown word (Damag)            -- | Damag3d |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:379:3     - Unknown word (Jasonthurston)    -- | Jasonthurston |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:38:3      - Unknown word (doctordns)  -- | doctordns |     3
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:39:3      - Unknown word (chadbaldwin) -- | chadbaldwin |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:40:3      - Unknown word (dawedawe)    -- | dawedawe |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:412:5     - Unknown word (takai)            -- - k-takai - 7 PRs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:414:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)           -- - juvtib - 4 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:415:4     - Unknown word (Sazonov)         -- - iSazonov - 3 issue
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:417:3     - Unknown word (mdorantesm)      -- - mdorantesm - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:418:12    - Unknown word (najc)            -- - qt3m45su0najc7 - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:41:3      - Unknown word (dumpvn)      -- | dumpvn |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:42:3      - Unknown word (kvprasoon)   -- | kvprasoon |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:438:3     - Unknown word (Maamue)          -- - Maamue - 2 PRs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:43:3      - Unknown word (lbearl)      -- | lbearl |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:443:3     - Unknown word (metablaster)     -- - metablaster - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:44:3      - Unknown word (petershen)   -- | petershen0307 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:45:3      - Unknown word (skycommand)  -- | skycommand |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:461:3     - Unknown word (Makovec)         -- - Makovec - 3 PRs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:463:3     - Unknown word (mvadu)           -- - mvadu - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:464:3     - Unknown word (razos)           -- - razos - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:465:4     - Unknown word (Loub)            -- - VLoub - 2 issues
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:46:3      - Unknown word (springcomp)  -- | springcomp |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:47:11     - Unknown word (dataselfcom) -- | Cwilson-dataselfcom |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:47:3      - Unknown word (Cwilson)     -- | Cwilson-dataselfcom |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:48:3      - Unknown word (bobbybatatina) -- | bobbybatatina |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:84:7      - Unknown word (Florance)      -- | AlanFlorance |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:85:3      - Unknown word (gilbertbw)     -- | gilbertbw |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:86:3      - Unknown word (ianwalkeruk)   -- | ianwalkeruk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:88:8      - Unknown word (ucci)          -- | matt9ucci |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:90:3      - Unknown word (Shayde)        -- | ShaydeNofziger |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:90:9      - Unknown word (Nofziger)      -- | ShaydeNofziger |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:91:3      - Unknown word (skycommand)    -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:92:3      - Unknown word (juvtib)        -- | juvtib |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:95:3      - Unknown word (stephenrgentry) -- | stephenrgentry |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2020-updates.md:96:3      - Unknown word (Vixb)           -- | Vixb1122 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:108:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)       -- | doctordns |     4
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:109:3     - Unknown word (diecknet)        -- | diecknet |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:110:3     - Unknown word (Kagre)           -- | Kagre |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:111:3     - Unknown word (Kexy)            -- | KexyBiscuit |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:112:7     - Unknown word (Roos)            -- | JohnRoos |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:114:3     - Unknown word (philanderson)    -- | philanderson888 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:116:3     - Unknown word (milaandahiya)    -- | milaandahiya |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:117:3     - Unknown word (mklement)        -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:169:3     - Unknown word (Raghu)           -- | RaghuRocks3 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:171:3     - Unknown word (Jaykul)          -- | Jaykul |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:172:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)          -- | juvtib |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:173:3     - Unknown word (przmv)           -- | przmv |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:174:3     - Unknown word (mklement)        -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:200:3     - Unknown word (Avrum)           -- | AvrumFeldman |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:200:8     - Unknown word (Feldman)         -- | AvrumFeldman |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:201:3     - Unknown word (benmccallum)     -- | benmccallum |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:202:3     - Unknown word (bitdeft)         -- | bitdeft |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:204:3     - Unknown word (diddledani)      -- | diddledani |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:205:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)       -- | doctordns |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:206:3     - Unknown word (gravitional)     -- | gravitional |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:207:3     - Unknown word (homotechsual)    -- | homotechsual |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:208:3     - Unknown word (imba)            -- | imba-tjd |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:209:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)          -- | juvtib |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:210:3     - Unknown word (kozhemyak)       -- | kozhemyak |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:211:3     - Unknown word (omarys)          -- | omarys |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:212:3     - Unknown word (ryandasilva)     -- | ryandasilva2992 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:213:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)          -- | sethvs |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:214:3     - Unknown word (sneakernuts)     -- | sneakernuts |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:241:3     - Unknown word (rkeithhill)      -- | rkeithhill |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:242:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)          -- | juvtib |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:245:3     - Unknown word (xtqqczze)        -- | xtqqczze |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:246:3     - Unknown word (akashdabhi)      -- | akashdabhi03 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:247:3     - Unknown word (kurtmckee)       -- | kurtmckee |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:248:3     - Unknown word (clamb)           -- | clamb123 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:249:3     - Unknown word (mklement)        -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:287:3     - Unknown word (rkeithhill)      -- | rkeithhill |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:288:3     - Unknown word (frenchiveruti)   -- | frenchiveruti |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:289:14    - Unknown word (automutatio)     -- | paulaustin-automutatio |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:289:3     - Unknown word (paulaustin)      -- | paulaustin-automutatio |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:290:3     - Unknown word (ringerc)         -- | ringerc |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:291:3     - Unknown word (trollyanov)      -- | trollyanov |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:292:7     - Unknown word (Kluger)          -- | UberKluger |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:320:3     - Unknown word (kvprasoon)       -- | kvprasoon |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:321:4     - Unknown word (Erprog)          -- | jErprog |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:322:3     - Unknown word (aamnah)          -- | aamnah |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:323:7     - Unknown word (Lyte)            -- | BetaLyte |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:325:3     - Unknown word (trollyanov)      -- | trollyanov |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:326:3     - Unknown word (Tarjei)          -- | Tarjei-stavanger |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:327:3     - Unknown word (aungminko)       -- | aungminko93750 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:329:3     - Unknown word (cdichter)        -- | cdichter |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:330:3     - Unknown word (reuvygroovy)     -- | reuvygroovy |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:355:3     - Unknown word (ealmonte)        -- | ealmonte32 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:356:3     - Unknown word (hananyajacobson) -- | hananyajacobson |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:359:3     - Unknown word (robertkruk)      -- | robertkruk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:395:3     - Unknown word (brianary)        -- | brianary |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:397:8     - Unknown word (ucci)            -- | matt9ucci |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:398:3     - Unknown word (kfasick)         -- | kfasick |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:399:3     - Unknown word (mklement)        -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:400:3     - Unknown word (juvtib)          -- | juvtib |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:401:5     - Unknown word (Jackem)          -- | BoJackem23 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:421:3     - Unknown word (bbodenmiller)    -- | bbodenmiller |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:422:3     - Unknown word (brianary)        -- | brianary |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:424:3     - Unknown word (Iven)            -- | IvenBach |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:425:3     - Unknown word (jamiepinheiro)   -- | jamiepinheiro |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:426:3     - Unknown word (jdoubleu)        -- | jdoubleu |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:428:8     - Unknown word (ucci)            -- | matt9ucci |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:429:3     - Unknown word (mihir)           -- | mihir-ajmera |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:429:9     - Unknown word (ajmera)          -- | mihir-ajmera |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:432:3     - Unknown word (springcomp)      -- | springcomp |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:433:3     - Unknown word (Ayanmullick)     -- | Ayanmullick |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:454:3     - Unknown word (Andrey)          -- | AndreyMatrosov |     4
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:454:9     - Unknown word (Matrosov)        -- | AndreyMatrosov |     4      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:456:3     - Unknown word (cconrad)         -- | cconrad |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:457:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)            -- | Hrxn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:458:3     - Unknown word (kilasuit)        -- | kilasuit |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:45:3      - Unknown word (shriharshmishra) -- | shriharshmishra |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:460:3     - Unknown word (snickler)        -- | snickler |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:461:3     - Unknown word (vinian)          -- | vinian |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:462:3     - Unknown word (zeekbrown)       -- | zeekbrown |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:463:3     - Unknown word (brianary)        -- | brianary |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:464:3     - Unknown word (mklement)        -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:465:3     - Unknown word (plastikfan)      -- | plastikfan |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:47:3      - Unknown word (bogdangrigg)     -- | bogdangrigg |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:73:8      - Unknown word (ucci)            -- | matt9ucci |     4      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:74:3      - Unknown word (yecril)          -- | yecril71pl |     3      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:75:3      - Unknown word (tholabrk)        -- | tholabrk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:76:3      - Unknown word (lukejjh)         -- | lukejjh |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:77:3      - Unknown word (Oechiih)         -- | Oechiih |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:78:3      - Unknown word (bergmeister)     -- | bergmeister |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:79:3      - Unknown word (Hrxn)            -- | Hrxn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2021-updates.md:80:3      - Unknown word (jebeckham)       -- | jebeckham |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:102:19    - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- - Thank you to @ehmiiz, @TSanzo-BLE, and @chadmando
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:102:29    - Unknown word (Sanzo)          -- Thank you to @ehmiiz, @TSanzo-BLE, and @chadmando
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:102:45    - Unknown word (chadmando)      -- ehmiiz, @TSanzo-BLE, and @chadmando for their Hacktoberfest
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:124:4     - Unknown word (Sanzo)          -- | TSanzo-BLE |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:125:3     - Unknown word (yecril)         -- | yecril71pl |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:126:3     - Unknown word (chadmando)      -- | chadmando |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:127:3     - Unknown word (Giga)           -- | GigaScratch |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:128:3     - Unknown word (rbleattler)     -- | rbleattler |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:129:3     - Unknown word (spjeff)         -- | spjeff |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:130:3     - Unknown word (adamdriscoll)   -- | adamdriscoll |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:131:3     - Unknown word (manuelcarriernunes) -- | manuelcarriernunes |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:132:3     - Unknown word (michelangelobottura) -- | michelangelobottura |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:133:3     - Unknown word (dmpe)                -- | dmpe |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:134:3     - Unknown word (Kamil)               -- | KamilPacanek |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:134:8     - Unknown word (Pacanek)             -- | KamilPacanek |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:158:3     - Unknown word (emerconghaile)       -- | emerconghaile |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:159:3     - Unknown word (floojah)             -- | floojah |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:160:3     - Unknown word (imere)               -- | imere |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:161:3     - Unknown word (mcdonaldjc)          -- | mcdonaldjc |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:162:3     - Unknown word (rayden)              -- | rayden84 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:163:3     - Unknown word (sirsql)              -- | sirsql |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:205:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)              -- | sethvs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:206:3     - Unknown word (BEEDELLROKEJULIANLOCKHART) -- | BEEDELLROKEJULIANLOCKHART |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:207:3     - Unknown word (Chemerevsky)               -- | Chemerevsky |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:209:3     - Unknown word (davidhaymond)              -- | davidhaymond |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:210:8     - Unknown word (Metcalfe)                  -- | DavidMetcalfe |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:211:3     - Unknown word (dharmatech)                -- | dharmatech |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:212:3     - Unknown word (kozhemyak)                 -- | kozhemyak |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:213:3     - Unknown word (mcawai)                    -- | mcawai
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:214:3     - Unknown word (Narida)                    -- | NaridaL
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:215:3     - Unknown word (Nicicalu)                  -- | Nicicalu |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:216:3     - Unknown word (sdarwin)                   -- | sdarwin |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:217:3     - Unknown word (seansaleh)                 -- | seansaleh |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:250:3     - Unknown word (Alvynskio)                 -- | Alvynskio |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:251:3     - Unknown word (bergmeister)               -- | bergmeister |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:253:9     - Unknown word (yeung)                     -- | lewis-yeung |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:254:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)                    -- | sethvs |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:255:3     - Unknown word (tommymaynard)              -- | tommymaynard |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:27:58     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)     -- cmdlet articles (Thanks @ehmiiz!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:28:57     - Unknown word (szabolevo)  -- cmdlet articles (Thanks @szabolevo!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:290:3     - Unknown word (mcdonaldjc)                -- | mcdonaldjc |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:291:3     - Unknown word (radrow)                    -- | radrow |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:292:3     - Unknown word (yecril)                    -- | yecril71pl |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:293:3     - Unknown word (muhahaaa)                  -- | muhahaaa |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:294:3     - Unknown word (windin)                    -- | windin7cc |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:295:3     - Unknown word (fabiod)                    -- | fabiod89 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:296:3     - Unknown word (Narida)                    -- | NaridaL |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:337:3     - Unknown word (tommymaynard)              -- | tommymaynard |     5      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:338:3     - Unknown word (naveensrinivasan)          -- | naveensrinivasan |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:339:3     - Unknown word (rikurauhala)               -- | rikurauhala |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:341:3     - Unknown word (rhorber)                   -- | rhorber |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:342:3     - Unknown word (Raton)                     -- | Raton-Laveur |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:342:9     - Unknown word (Laveur)                    -- | Raton-Laveur |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:343:10    - Unknown word (Roille)                    -- | StephenRoille |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:344:3     - Unknown word (krlinus)                   -- | krlinus |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:378:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)                      -- | Hrxn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:379:3     - Unknown word (kevinholtkamp)             -- | kevinholtkamp |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:380:3     - Unknown word (Mikey)                     -- | MikeyBronowski |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:380:8     - Unknown word (Bronowski)                 -- | MikeyBronowski |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:381:3     - Unknown word (tommymaynard)              -- | tommymaynard |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:412:31    - Unknown word (PSAMSI)                    -- experimental feature `PSAMSIMethodInvocationLogging
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:41:3      - Unknown word (ehmiiz)     -- | ehmiiz |     8      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:422:12    - Unknown word (Mikey)                     -- - Welcome [Mikey Lombardi](https://github
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:42:3      - Unknown word (changeworld) -- | changeworld |     3      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:438:3     - Unknown word (codaamok)                  -- | codaamok |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:439:8     - Unknown word (Kuzmenko)                  -- | DianaKuzmenko |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:43:3      - Unknown word (szabolevo)   -- | szabolevo |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:440:3     - Unknown word (Mikey)                     -- | MikeyBronowski |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:440:8     - Unknown word (Bronowski)                -- | MikeyBronowski |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:441:3     - Unknown word (poshdude)                 -- | poshdude |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:442:3     - Unknown word (robcmo)                   -- | robcmo |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:443:3     - Unknown word (sertdfyguhi)              -- | sertdfyguhi |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:444:3     - Unknown word (stampycode)               -- | stampycode |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:44:3      - Unknown word (amkhrjee)    -- | amkhrjee |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:45:3      - Unknown word (xtqqczze)    -- | xtqqczze |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:46:4      - Unknown word (Liwoto)      -- | ALiwoto |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:470:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)                   -- | sethvs |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:471:3     - Unknown word (guilhermgonzaga)          -- | guilhermgonzaga |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:47:3      - Unknown word (mklement)    -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:498:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)                   -- | sethvs |     3
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:499:7     - Unknown word (Kluger)                   -- | UberKluger |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:500:9     - Unknown word (Domingues)                -- | MiguelDomingues |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:504:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)                     -- | Hrxn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:505:3     - Unknown word (peteraritchie)            -- | peteraritchie |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:69:59     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)      -- cmdlet articles (Thanks @ehmiiz!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:70:67     - Unknown word (skycommand)  -- release notes (Thanks @skycommand!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:71:66     - Unknown word (chadmando)   -- 5 articles (Thanks @chadmando!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:84:3      - Unknown word (ehmiiz)      -- | ehmiiz |     9
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:85:3      - Unknown word (chadmando)   -- | chadmando |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:86:3      - Unknown word (baardhermansen) -- | baardhermansen |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:87:3      - Unknown word (skycommand)     -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:88:3      - Unknown word (mklement)       -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:89:3      - Unknown word (peetrike)       -- | peetrike |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2022-updates.md:96:35     - Unknown word (thon)           -- acktoberfest and other hack-a-thon events](/powershell
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:112:3     - Unknown word (baardhermansen) -- | baardhermansen |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:113:3     - Unknown word (diecknet)       -- | diecknet |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:114:3     - Unknown word (dipstar)        -- | dipstar |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:115:3     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- | ehmiiz |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:118:3     - Unknown word (jhribal)        -- | jhribal |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:119:3     - Unknown word (Joeselorm)      -- | Joeselorm |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:120:3     - Unknown word (matziq)         -- | matziq |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:121:3     - Unknown word (RAJU)           -- | RAJU2529 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:122:9     - Unknown word (Nieto)          -- | ThomasNieto |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:126:3     - Unknown word (tabad)          -- | tabad |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:147:4     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- - @ehmiiz contributed 5 PRs to
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:166:3     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- | ehmiiz |     5
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:167:3     - Unknown word (bubbletroubles) -- | bubbletroubles |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:170:3     - Unknown word (skycommand)     -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:171:3     - Unknown word (jsilverm)       -- | jsilverm |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:172:3     - Unknown word (mklement)       -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:210:3     - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- | ehmiiz |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:211:3     - Unknown word (crisman)        -- | crisman |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:212:3     - Unknown word (deadlydog)      -- | deadlydog |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:239:3     - Unknown word (crisman)        -- | crisman |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:240:4     - Unknown word (Sanzo)          -- | TSanzo-BLE |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:241:3     - Unknown word (Milek)          -- | MilekJakub |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:241:8     - Unknown word (Jakub)          -- | MilekJakub |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:242:9     - Unknown word (Shastri)        -- | Atman-Shastri |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:243:8     - Unknown word (Jhawk)          -- | BraveJhawk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:244:3     - Unknown word (coolhome)       -- | coolhome |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:245:3     - Unknown word (johndward)      -- | johndward01 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:253:34    - Unknown word (VNET)           -- Azure Cloud Shell in a VNET with quickstart templates
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:253:44    - Unknown word (quickstart)     -- Shell in a VNET with quickstart templates](/azure/cloud
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:269:7     - Unknown word (Mandalorian)    -- - @XXLMandalorian013 contributed 3 PRs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:285:3     - Unknown word (thegraffix)     -- | thegraffix |     4      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:286:3     - Unknown word (crisman)        -- | crisman |     4      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:287:3     - Unknown word (RAJU)           -- | RAJU2529 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:288:3     - Unknown word (dstreefkerk)    -- | dstreefkerk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:289:3     - Unknown word (vontompers)     -- | vontompers |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:290:3     - Unknown word (mubed)          -- | mubed |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:291:3     - Unknown word (Frederisk)      -- | Frederisk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:292:3     - Unknown word (khaffner)       -- | khaffner |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:293:3     - Unknown word (noamper)        -- | noamper |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:294:3     - Unknown word (aksarben)       -- | aksarben |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:316:4     - Unknown word (robderickson)   -- - @robderickson contributed 1 PR to
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:32:3      - Unknown word (shyguy)     -- | shyguyCreate |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:333:3     - Unknown word (pronichkin)     -- | pronichkin |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:334:3     - Unknown word (Ooggle)         -- | Ooggle |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:335:3     - Unknown word (mavaddat)       -- | mavaddat |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:337:3     - Unknown word (mcdonaldjc)     -- | mcdonaldjc |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:338:3     - Unknown word (Brizio)         -- | Brizio |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:339:3     - Unknown word (dotnvo)         -- | dotnvo |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:33:3      - Unknown word (ryanperrymba) -- | ryanperrymba |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:341:3     - Unknown word (mklement)       -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:342:3     - Unknown word (aksarben)       -- | aksarben |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:343:3     - Unknown word (crisman)        -- | crisman |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:35:3      - Unknown word (mklement)     -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:368:28    - Unknown word (Bossman)        -- pbossman | Phil Bossman |            1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:368:3     - Unknown word (pbossman)       -- | pbossman | Phil Bossman
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:369:30    - Unknown word (Nieto)          -- ThomasNieto | Thomas Nieto |            1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:369:9     - Unknown word (Nieto)          -- | ThomasNieto | Thomas Nieto
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:370:29    - Unknown word (Cefalu)         -- kevinCefalu | Kevin Cefalu |            1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:370:8     - Unknown word (Cefalu)         -- | kevinCefalu | Kevin Cefalu
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:371:27    - Unknown word (Derickson)      -- robderickson | Rob Derickson |            4 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:371:3     - Unknown word (robderickson)   -- | robderickson | Rob Derickson
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:372:3     - Unknown word (Snozzberries)   -- | Snozzberries | Michael Soule
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:372:31    - Unknown word (Soule)          -- Snozzberries | Michael Soule |           13 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:373:3     - Unknown word (Spoonsk)        -- | Spoonsk | Joseph Gast
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:373:30    - Unknown word (Gast)           -- Spoonsk | Joseph Gast |            1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:374:3     - Unknown word (thedavecarroll) -- | thedavecarroll | Dave Carroll
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:375:29    - Unknown word (Paladino)       -- raynbowbrite | Vanda Paladino |            2 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:375:3     - Unknown word (raynbowbrite)   -- | raynbowbrite | Vanda Paladino
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:376:3     - Unknown word (majst)          -- | majst32 | Melissa
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:376:31    - Unknown word (Januszko)       -- | Melissa Januszko |            1 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:377:6     - Unknown word (Mandalorian)    -- | XXLMandalorian013 | Drew McClellan
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:379:3     - Unknown word (mdowst)         -- | mdowst | Matthew
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:379:31    - Unknown word (Dowst)          -- | Matthew Dowst |            1 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:380:3     - Unknown word (thepowerstring) -- | thepowerstring |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:383:3     - Unknown word (zockan)         -- | zockan | Michael
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:383:31    - Unknown word (Svegmar)        -- | Michael Svegmar |            1 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:384:3     - Unknown word (lanwench)       -- | lanwench | Paula Kingsley
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:385:3     - Unknown word (stevenjudd)     -- | stevenjudd | Steven Judd
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:417:33    - Unknown word (ehmiiz)         -- our top contributors [@ehmiiz][ehmiiz] blogged about
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:433:3     - Unknown word (skycommand)     -- | skycommand |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:434:3     - Unknown word (martincostello) -- | martincostello |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:436:3     - Unknown word (chrullrich)     -- | chrullrich |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:439:3     - Unknown word (vvavrychuk)     -- | vvavrychuk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:441:3     - Unknown word (Benjamim)       -- | BenjamimCS |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:442:3     - Unknown word (kirillkrylov)   -- | kirillkrylov |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:443:3     - Unknown word (bergmeister)    -- | bergmeister |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:444:3     - Unknown word (lizy)           -- | lizy14 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:445:8     - Unknown word (Toso)           -- | CarloToso |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:454:17    - Unknown word (Higin)          -- (Thanks [@PaulHigin][PaulHigin])
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:485:3     - Unknown word (doctordns)      -- | doctordns |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:486:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)           -- | Hrxn |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:490:3     - Unknown word (Armaan)         -- | ArmaanMcleod |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:491:3     - Unknown word (mklement)       -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:509:59    - Unknown word (szabolevo)      -- cmdlet articles (Thanks [@szabolevo][szabolevo]!)
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:525:3     - Unknown word (szabolevo)      -- | szabolevo |     5      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:526:3     - Unknown word (anderjef)       -- | anderjef |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:527:3     - Unknown word (turbedi)        -- | turbedi |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:529:3     - Unknown word (cobrabr)        -- | cobrabr |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:531:3     - Unknown word (tompazourek)    -- | tompazourek |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:533:3     - Unknown word (cjvandyk)       -- | cjvandyk |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:534:5     - Unknown word (Brinkmann)      -- | JTBrinkmann |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:536:8     - Unknown word (Toso)           -- | CarloToso |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:73:3      - Unknown word (jmiller)      -- | jmiller76 |     2      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:74:4      - Unknown word (Shrubowich)   -- | VShrubowich |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:76:3      - Unknown word (skycommand)   -- | skycommand |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:77:3      - Unknown word (darthwalsh)   -- | darthwalsh |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:78:3      - Unknown word (diecknet)     -- | diecknet |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:79:3      - Unknown word (tabad)        -- | tabad |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:80:3      - Unknown word (mklement)     -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2023-updates.md:81:3      - Unknown word (radkedan)     -- | radkedan |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:108:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)         -- | Hrxn |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:109:3     - Unknown word (aberus)       -- | aberus |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:110:3     - Unknown word (nickcox)      -- | nickcox |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:111:3     - Unknown word (kilasuit)     -- | kilasuit |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:112:9     - Unknown word (slayden)      -- | glenn-slayden |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:113:3     - Unknown word (darthwalsh)   -- | darthwalsh |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:115:3     - Unknown word (joshooaj)     -- | joshooaj |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:116:3     - Unknown word (mklement)     -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:117:13    - Unknown word (Lockhart)     -- | RokeJulianLockhart |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:117:3     - Unknown word (Roke)         -- | RokeJulianLockhart |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:143:3     - Unknown word (Hrxn)         -- | Hrxn |     3
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:144:3     - Unknown word (muzimuzhi)    -- | muzimuzhi |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:145:3     - Unknown word (bergmeister)  -- | bergmeister |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:171:3     - Unknown word (Certezalito)  -- | Certezalito |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:172:3     - Unknown word (sethvs)       -- | sethvs |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:173:3     - Unknown word (chrisdent)    -- | chrisdent-de |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:174:3     - Unknown word (jborean)      -- | jborean93 |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:175:3     - Unknown word (brucificus)   -- | brucificus |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:176:4     - Unknown word (Plantefeve)   -- | XPlantefeve |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:177:3     - Unknown word (mklement)     -- | mklement0 |            |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:200:3     - Unknown word (flcdrg)       -- | flcdrg |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:201:3     - Unknown word (holtkampjs)   -- | holtkampjs |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:203:11    - Unknown word (Nurillaew)    -- | MuzaffarNurillaew |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:203:3     - Unknown word (Muzaffar)     -- | MuzaffarNurillaew |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:204:3     - Unknown word (ybeltrikov)   -- | ybeltrikov |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:205:3     - Unknown word (Armaan)       -- | ArmaanMcleod |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:206:3     - Unknown word (mklement)     -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:207:3     - Unknown word (deraeler)     -- | deraeler |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:209:3     - Unknown word (tabad)        -- | tabad |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:210:3     - Unknown word (wwilliams)    -- | wwilliams69 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:33:3      - Unknown word (mklement)   -- | mklement0 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:34:3      - Unknown word (sethvs)     -- | sethvs
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:37:3      - Unknown word (trackd)     -- | trackd
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:38:10     - Unknown word (lengyel)    -- | landon-lengyel |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:39:3      - Unknown word (msklv)      -- | msklv
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:69:3      - Unknown word (berlintay)  -- | berlintay |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:70:3      - Unknown word (dcarpenter) -- | dcarpenter31 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:72:3      - Unknown word (Matej)      -- | MatejKafka |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:73:8      - Unknown word (guanyuming) -- | real-guanyuming-he |     1      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:74:3      - Unknown word (santisq)    -- | santisq |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:75:3      - Unknown word (stephanadler) -- | stephanadler1 |     1
reference/docs-conceptual/community/2024-updates.md:76:3      - Unknown word (stevenjudd)   -- | stevenjudd |     2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/community-update.yml:15:28     - Unknown word (quickstart) -- overview | quickstart | reference | tutorial
reference/docs-conceptual/community/community-update.yml:50:21     - Unknown word (Helmick's)  -- - text: Jason Helmick's - The Show
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/general-markdown.md:248:41    - Unknown word (friendlyname) -- use Markdown syntax `[friendlyname](url-or-path)`.
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/general-markdown.md:260:56    - Unknown word (DMTF)         -- this parameter, the DMTF standard resource URI
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/general-markdown.md:268:28    - Unknown word (friendlyname) -- the link reference - `[friendlyname][id]`
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/general-markdown.md:280:7     - Unknown word (redirectedfrom) -- - `?redirectedfrom=MSDN` - added to the
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/hackathons.md:2:70      - Unknown word (thon)       -- manage and support hack-a-thon events like Hacktoberfest
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/hackathons.md:4:39      - Unknown word (thon)       -- acktoberfest and other hack-a-thon events
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/hackathons.md:6:34      - Unknown word (thon)       -- acktoberfest and other hack-a-thon events
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:160:11    - Unknown word (shiproom)          -- | `review-shiproom` | Shiproom discussion
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:160:27    - Unknown word (Shiproom)          -- review-shiproom` | Shiproom discussion with the
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:32:9      - Unknown word (editorsvcs) -- | `area-editorsvcs` | The PowerShell
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:37:9      - Unknown word (helpsystem) -- | `area-helpsystem` | The Help services
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:43:9      - Unknown word (localaccounts) -- | `area-localaccounts` | The [Microsoft
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:51:9      - Unknown word (packagemanagement) -- | `area-packagemanagement` | The [PackageManagement
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:53:9      - Unknown word (platyps)           -- | `area-platyps` | The [PlatyPS
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:55:9      - Unknown word (powershellget)     -- | `area-powershellget` | The [PowerShellGet
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:57:9      - Unknown word (psreadline)        -- | `area-psreadline` | The [PSReadline
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:60:9      - Unknown word (scriptanalyzer)    -- | `area-scriptanalyzer` | The [PSScriptAnalyzer
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/labelling-in-github.md:65:9      - Unknown word (threadjob)         -- | `area-threadjob` | The [ThreadJob
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/managing-pull-requests.md:93:41     - Unknown word (modulepath) -- name for `<version>/<modulepath>/About/About.md`
reference/docs-conceptual/community/contributing/powershell-style-guide.md:239:32    - Unknown word (DXGI)       -- GameDVR_DXGIHonorFSEWindowsCompatible
reference/docs-conceptual/community/digital-art.md:15:15     - Unknown word (Infographics) -- ## PowerShell Infographics
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:21:8      - Unknown word (ucci)       -- | matt9ucci |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:22:3      - Unknown word (nschonni)   -- | nschonni |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:23:3      - Unknown word (kiazhi)     -- | kiazhi |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:24:3      - Unknown word (alexandair) -- | alexandair |      |   57
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:25:3      - Unknown word (doctordns)  -- | doctordns |      |    5
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:26:3      - Unknown word (sethvs)     -- | sethvs |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:27:3      - Unknown word (ehmiiz)     -- | ehmiiz |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:28:3      - Unknown word (yecril)     -- | yecril71pl |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:30:3      - Unknown word (skycommand) -- | skycommand |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:31:4      - Unknown word (Reilingh)   -- | NReilingh |      |    2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:32:6      - Unknown word (praktyk)    -- | it-praktyk |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:33:3      - Unknown word (vors)       -- | vors |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:34:3      - Unknown word (markekraus) -- | markekraus |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:35:3      - Unknown word (kvprasoon)  -- | kvprasoon |      |    2
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:36:3      - Unknown word (purdo)      -- | purdo17 |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:37:5      - Unknown word (takai)      -- | k-takai |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:39:3      - Unknown word (bergmeister) -- | bergmeister |      |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:49:3      - Unknown word (mklement)    -- | mklement0 |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:50:3      - Unknown word (ehmiiz)      -- | ehmiiz |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:51:4      - Unknown word (Sazonov)     -- | iSazonov |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:52:3      - Unknown word (jszabo)      -- | jszabo98 |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:53:3      - Unknown word (juvtib)      -- | juvtib |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:54:3      - Unknown word (doctordns)   -- | doctordns |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:55:3      - Unknown word (peetrike)    -- | peetrike |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:56:3      - Unknown word (vexx)        -- | vexx32 |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:60:3      - Unknown word (alexandair)  -- | alexandair |      |    9
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:61:3      - Unknown word (kilasuit)    -- | kilasuit |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:62:3      - Unknown word (clamb)       -- | clamb123 |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:63:3      - Unknown word (tabad)       -- | tabad |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:64:3      - Unknown word (rkeithhill)  -- | rkeithhill |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:65:3      - Unknown word (trollyanov)  -- | trollyanov |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:66:3      - Unknown word (jsilverm)    -- | jsilverm |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:67:8      - Unknown word (Toso)        -- | CarloToso |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:69:3      - Unknown word (vors)        -- | vors |    1 |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:70:7      - Unknown word (Kluger)      -- | UberKluger |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:71:10     - Unknown word (Dardenne)    -- | LaurentDardenne |      |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/community/hall-of-fame.md:72:8      - Unknown word (ucci)        -- | matt9ucci |      |
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/Writing-Portable-Modules.md:80:40     - Unknown word (psmodule)   -- myModule> dotnet new psmodule
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/choosing-the-right-nuget-package.md:3:12      - Unknown word (rjmholt)    -- ms.custom: rjmholt
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-cmdline-predictor.md:107:47    - Unknown word (cref)       -- name="context">The <see cref="PredictionContext"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-cmdline-predictor.md:109:45    - Unknown word (cref)       -- An instance of <see cref="SuggestionPackage"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-cmdline-predictor.md:140:29    - Unknown word (paramref)   -- /// returned in <paramref name="session"/>, starting
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-feedback-provider.md:170:69    - Unknown word (cref)       -- feedback provider by <see cref="FeedbackTrigger.CommandNotFo
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-feedback-provider.md:369:36    - Unknown word (cref)       -- name="context">The <see cref="PredictionContext"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-feedback-provider.md:371:34    - Unknown word (cref)       -- An instance of <see cref="SuggestionPackage"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-feedback-provider.md:540:73    - Unknown word (cref)       -- feedback provider by <see cref="FeedbackTrigger.CommandNotFo
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-feedback-provider.md:685:40    - Unknown word (cref)       -- name="context">The <see cref="PredictionContext"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-standard-library-binary-Module.md:131:12    - Unknown word (globaljson) -- dotnet new globaljson --sdk-version 2.1.0
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-standard-library-binary-Module.md:300:12    - Unknown word (psmodule)   -- dotnet new psmodule
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:174:29    - Unknown word (Finalizers) -- [GC]::WaitForPendingFinalizers()
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:316:29    - Unknown word (Finalizers) -- [GC]::WaitForPendingFinalizers()
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:35:22     - Unknown word (arraylist)  -- $null = $arraylist.Add($i)
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:41:21     - Unknown word (arraylist)  -- [void] $arraylist.Add($i)
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:47:14     - Unknown word (arraylist)  -- $arraylist.Add($i) > $null
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:53:14     - Unknown word (arraylist)  -- $arraylist.Add($i) | Out-Null
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:540:29    - Unknown word (Finalizers) -- [GC]::WaitForPendingFinalizers()
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:69:29     - Unknown word (Finalizers) -- [GC]::WaitForPendingFinalizers()
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/performance/script-authoring-considerations.md:773:29    - Unknown word (Finalizers) -- [GC]::WaitForPendingFinalizers()
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:3:12      - Unknown word (rjmholt)    -- ms.custom: rjmholt
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:718:2     - Unknown word (netcore)    -- $netcore = "netcoreapp3.1"
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:750:53    - Unknown word (netcore)    -- bin/$Configuration/$netcore/publish/" |
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:755:54    - Unknown word (netcore)    -- bin/$Configuration/$netcore/publish/" |
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:791:93    - Unknown word (qualifed)   -- with the same fully qualifed
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md:881:9     - Unknown word (Strahl)     -- - [Rick Strahl: When does a .NET assembly
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/How-To-Replicate-the-ISE-Experience-In-VSCode.md:118:27    - Unknown word (corbob)     -- Thanks to the work of [@corbob][04], the PowerShell
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/understanding-file-encoding.md:202:54    - Unknown word (encodingtest) -- Path]::GetTempPath()) 'encodingtest.ps1'
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/understanding-file-encoding.md:232:4     - Unknown word (mklement)     -- - @mklement0's [answer about PowerShell
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/understanding-file-encoding.md:233:4     - Unknown word (rkeithhill's) -- - @rkeithhill's [blog post about dealing
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/understanding-file-encoding.md:318:4     - Unknown word (mklement)     -- - @mklement0's [summary of PowerShell
reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/vscode/using-vscode-for-debugging-compiled-cmdlets.md:63:15     - Unknown word (consoleloggerparameters) -- "/consoleloggerparameters:NoSummary",
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:21:31     - Unknown word (Verbslifecycle) -- Management.Automation.Verbslifecycle](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:250:47    - Unknown word (ONENOTEM)           -- Stop-Proc" on Target "ONENOTEM (3712)".
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:259:47    - Unknown word (ONENOTE)            -- Stop-Proc" on Target "ONENOTE (3592)".
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:46:31     - Unknown word (Aliasattribute) -- Management.Automation.Aliasattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:73:31     - Unknown word (Aliasattribute) -- Management.Automation.Aliasattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:76:57     - Unknown word (Filenam)        -- could enter `Filename`, `Filenam`, `File`, `Fi`, or
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-aliases-wildcard-expansion-and-help-to-cmdlet-parameters.md:84:31     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameter-sets-to-a-cmdlet.md:103:31    - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameter-sets-to-a-cmdlet.md:144:31    - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameter-sets-to-a-cmdlet.md:180:31    - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameter-sets-to-a-cmdlet.md:74:31     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameters-that-process-command-line-input.md:145:31    - Unknown word (Validatenotnulloremptyattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatenotnulloremptyattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameters-that-process-command-line-input.md:44:32     - Unknown word (membertype) -- proc ; `get-member` -membertype property**
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameters-that-process-command-line-input.md:84:31     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameters-that-process-pipeline-input.md:50:31     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-parameters-that-process-pipeline-input.md:74:53     - Unknown word (samplesgetproc)     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesgetproc03#GetProc03VBNameParameter
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/adding-user-messages-to-your-cmdlet.md:157:387   - Unknown word (Progressrecord) -- Management.Automation.Progressrecord](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/advisory-development-guidelines.md:132:10    - Unknown word (rehydratable) -- Built-in rehydratable types:
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/advisory-development-guidelines.md:158:62    - Unknown word (Securestring) -- the [System.Security.Securestring](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/alias-attribute-declaration.md:27:31     - Unknown word (Aliasattribute) -- Management.Automation.Aliasattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/approved-verbs-for-windows-powershell-commands.md:123:350   - Unknown word (Unrestrict) -- | Release, Unrestrict, Unsecure
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/approved-verbs-for-windows-powershell-commands.md:159:387   - Unknown word (Uncompress) -- | Explode, Uncompress
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/approved-verbs-for-windows-powershell-commands.md:92:364    - Unknown word (Unmark)     -- Flush, Erase, Release, Unmark, Unset, Nullify
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/background-jobs.md:29:257    - Unknown word (Pseventjob) -- Management.Automation.Pseventjob](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/background-jobs.md:46:31     - Unknown word (Jobrepository) -- Management.Automation.Jobrepository](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/background-jobs.md:49:31     - Unknown word (Jobstate)      -- Management.Automation.Jobstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/background-jobs.md:52:31     - Unknown word (Jobstateinfo)  -- Management.Automation.Jobstateinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/background-jobs.md:55:31     - Unknown word (Jobstateeventargs) -- Management.Automation.Jobstateeventargs](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/cmdlet-attribute-declaration.md:29:48     - Unknown word (Confirmimpact) -- Management.Automation.Confirmimpact](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/cmdlet-overview.md:37:41     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/cmdlet-sets.md:21:139    - Unknown word (Custompssnapin) -- Management.Automation.Custompssnapin](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/common-parameter-names.md:108:17    - Unknown word (varname)    -- variable, use +_varname_ rather than clearing
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/common-parameter-names.md:41:22     - Unknown word (varname)    -- this variable, use +_varname_ rather than clearing
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/common-parameter-names.md:56:43     - Unknown word (varname)    -- this variable, use +_varname_ rather than clearing
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/common-parameter-names.md:70:35     - Unknown word (varname)    -- this variable, use +_varname_ rather than clearing
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/common-parameter-names.md:79:28     - Unknown word (proga)      -- ProgressAction (alias: proga)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/confirmation-messages.md:22:38     - Unknown word (Shouldprocess) -- Management.Automation.Cmdlet.Shouldprocess%2A?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/confirmation-messages.md:22:55     - Unknown word (Displayproperty) -- Cmdlet.Shouldprocess%2A?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/confirmation-messages.md:54:38     - Unknown word (Shouldprocess)   -- Management.Automation.Cmdlet.Shouldprocess%2A?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/confirmation-messages.md:54:55     - Unknown word (Displayproperty) -- Cmdlet.Shouldprocess%2A?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-that-modifies-the-system.md:57:31     - Unknown word (Verbslifecycle) -- Management.Automation.Verbslifecycle](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-that-modifies-the-system.md:93:31     - Unknown word (Confirmimpact)  -- Management.Automation.Confirmimpact.Low](/dotnet/api/system
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:118:407   - Unknown word (myfile)                 -- example "MyFile" and "myfile" would both be returned
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:13:120    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:17:244    - Unknown word (Verbscommon)            -- Management.Automation.Verbscommon](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:19:396    - Unknown word (Regularexpressions)     -- such as [System.Text.Regularexpressions.Regex](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:365:143   - Unknown word (Sessionstate)           -- Management.Automation.Sessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:365:537   - Unknown word (Providerintrinsics)     -- Management.Automation.Providerintrinsics](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:367:259   - Unknown word (Contentcmdletproviderintrinsics) -- Management.Automation.Contentcmdletproviderintrinsics.Getreader*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:367:70    - Unknown word (Providerintrinsics)     -- Management.Automation.Providerintrinsics.Content*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:62:35     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute)     -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-to-access-a-data-store.md:64:35     - Unknown word (Aliasattribute)         -- Management.Automation.Aliasattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-without-parameters.md:16:272    - Unknown word (Verbscommon) -- Management.Automation.Verbscommon](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/creating-a-cmdlet-without-parameters.md:199:21    - Unknown word (dayofyear)   -- $p[6].starttime.dayofyear
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/credential-attribute-declaration.md:25:76     - Unknown word (Credentialattribute) -- Management.Automation.Credentialattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/events01-sample.md:18:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/extending-properties-for-objects.md:135:49    - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- member set of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/extending-properties-for-objects.md:135:64    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample01-sample.md:17:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample01-sample.md:31:9      - Unknown word (installutil) -- 1. Run `installutil "GetProcessSample01
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample02-sample.md:17:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample02-sample.md:37:20     - Unknown word (getprossessample) -- `Import-Module getprossessample02`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample03-sample.md:18:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample03-sample.md:38:20     - Unknown word (getprossessample) -- `Import-Module getprossessample03`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample04-sample.md:17:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample04-sample.md:37:20     - Unknown word (getprossessample) -- `Import-Module getprossessample04`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample05-sample.md:18:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/getprocesssample05-sample.md:38:19     - Unknown word (getprossessample) -- `Import-Module getprossessample05`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-declare-dynamic-parameters.md:16:75     - Unknown word (Idynamicparameters) -- Management.Automation.Idynamicparameters][03]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-declare-dynamic-parameters.md:23:43     - Unknown word (Idynamicparameters) -- Management.Automation.Idynamicparameters.Getdynamicparameters
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-declare-dynamic-parameters.md:66:14     - Unknown word (Linq)               -- using System.Linq;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:137:14    - Unknown word (asjob)      -- if (!asjob)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:157:14    - Unknown word (Linq)       -- using System.Linq;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:24:20     - Unknown word (asjob)      -- get { return asjob; }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:25:13     - Unknown word (asjob)      -- set { asjob = value; }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:27:18     - Unknown word (asjob)      -- private bool asjob;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:33:36     - Unknown word (Pseventjob) -- Management.Automation.Pseventjob](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-support-jobs.md:50:11     - Unknown word (asjob)      -- if (asjob)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-an-argument-count.md:12:103    - Unknown word (Validatecountattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatecountattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-an-argument-pattern.md:12:103    - Unknown word (Validatepatternattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatepatternattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-an-argument-range.md:12:103    - Unknown word (Validaterangeattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validaterangeattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-an-argument-set.md:12:103    - Unknown word (Validatesetattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatesetattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-an-argument-set.md:34:31     - Unknown word (Validatesetattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatesetattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/how-to-validate-the-argument-length.md:12:103    - Unknown word (Validatelengthattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatelengthattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:120:38    - Unknown word (Categoryinfo) -- Management.Automation.ErrorCategoryinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:46:41     - Unknown word (FQID)       -- qualified error identifier (FQID)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:80:9      - Unknown word (FQID)       -- ### The FQID
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:82:5      - Unknown word (FQID)       -- The FQID is the most specific
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:84:96     - Unknown word (FQID)       -- Windows Event log. The FQID
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md:88:5      - Unknown word (FQID)       -- The FQID is designed to be inspected
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/parameter-attribute-declaration.md:71:75     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/parameter-attribute-declaration.md:75:31     - Unknown word (Parameterattribute) -- Management.Automation.Parameterattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/property-parameters.md:27:123    - Unknown word (KEYDOWN)    -- names of states, such as KEYDOWN.|
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/requesting-confirmation-from-cmdlets.md:70:40     - Unknown word (Shouldprocess) -- Management.Automation.Cmdlet.Shouldprocess](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/requesting-confirmation-from-cmdlets.md:72:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Shouldprocess](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/requesting-confirmation-from-cmdlets.md:72:57     - Unknown word (Shouldprocess)  -- Provider.Cmdletprovider.Shouldprocess](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/requesting-confirmation-from-cmdlets.md:74:64     - Unknown word (Shouldprocess)  -- Management.Automation.Cmdlet.Shouldprocess](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:116:430   - Unknown word (Spoolsv)    -- System, Winlogon, and Spoolsv processes.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:126:38    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface.PromptForChoice](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:128:38    - Unknown word (Ihostuisupportsmultiplechoiceselection) -- Management.Automation.Host.Ihostuisupportsmultiplechoiceselection.PromptForChoice](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:130:38    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)                    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface.PromptForCredential
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:132:38    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)                    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface.ReadLine*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/required-development-guidelines.md:134:38    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)                    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface.ReadLineAsSecureString
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/resource-parameters.md:29:154    - Unknown word (biztalk)    -- string value such as "biztalk" for other types of
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/security-parameters.md:14:311    - Unknown word (PKCS)       -- Cryptography Standards (PKCS) #12 file that contains
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/security-parameters.md:16:175    - Unknown word (PKCS)       -- Base64 or DER-encoded PKCS #10 certificate request
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/security-parameters.md:36:232    - Unknown word (fulltrust)  -- internet, intranet, and fulltrust.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample01-sample.md:18:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample01-sample.md:252:49    - Unknown word (spoolsv)           -- system", "winlogon", "spoolsv" }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample01-sample.md:38:20     - Unknown word (stopprossessample) -- `Import-Module stopprossessample01`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample02-sample.md:20:65     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample02-sample.md:300:49    - Unknown word (spoolsv)           -- system", "winlogon", "spoolsv" }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample02-sample.md:40:20     - Unknown word (stopprossessample) -- `Import-Module stopprossessample02`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample03-sample.md:17:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample03-sample.md:225:15    - Unknown word (declutter)         -- /// to declutter the ProcessRecord method
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample03-sample.md:335:49    - Unknown word (spoolsv)           -- system", "winlogon", "spoolsv" }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample03-sample.md:37:20     - Unknown word (stopprossessample) -- `Import-Module stopprossessample03`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample04-sample.md:17:64     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\csharp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample04-sample.md:267:15    - Unknown word (declutter)         -- /// to declutter the ProcessRecord method
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample04-sample.md:37:20     - Unknown word (stopprossessample) -- `Import-Module stopprossessample04`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/stopprocesssample04-sample.md:477:49    - Unknown word (spoolsv)           -- system", "winlogon", "spoolsv", "calc" }
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/strongly-encouraged-development-guidelines.md:261:31    - Unknown word (Sessionstate) -- Management.Automation.Sessionstate.Path](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/strongly-encouraged-development-guidelines.md:74:4      - Unknown word (erroraction) -- - `erroraction`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/supporting-wildcard-characters-in-cmdlet-parameters.md:41:31     - Unknown word (Techdocs)   -- files that are in the c:\Techdocs folder and that begin
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/supporting-wildcard-characters-in-cmdlet-parameters.md:43:19     - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- `Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs\[a-l]\*.txt`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/supporting-wildcard-characters-in-cmdlet-parameters.md:52:19     - Unknown word (techdocs)   -- `Get-ChildItem c:\techdocs\[a-cef]\*.txt`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/terminating-errors.md:13:283    - Unknown word (Pipelinestoppedexception) -- Management.Automation.Pipelinestoppedexception](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/terminating-errors.md:13:723    - Unknown word (Pipelinestoppedexception) -- Management.Automation.Pipelinestoppedexception](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/terminating-errors.md:15:35     - Unknown word (Pipelinestoppedexception) -- Management.Automation.Pipelinestoppedexception](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/terminating-errors.md:15:397    - Unknown word (Pipelinestoppedexception) -- Management.Automation.Pipelinestoppedexception](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/terminating-errors.md:31:31     - Unknown word (Pipelinestoppedexception) -- Management.Automation.Pipelinestoppedexception](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatelength-attribute-declaration.md:39:80     - Unknown word (Validatelengthattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatelengthattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatelength-attribute-declaration.md:43:31     - Unknown word (Validatelengthattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatelengthattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:25:23     - Unknown word (Regularexpressions) -- Options ([System.Text.Regularexpressions.Regexoptions](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:25:42     - Unknown word (Regexoptions)       -- Text.Regularexpressions.Regexoptions](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:26:75     - Unknown word (Regularexpressions) -- combination of [System.Text.Regularexpressions.Regexoptions](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:26:94     - Unknown word (Regexoptions)       -- Text.Regularexpressions.Regexoptions](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:36:81     - Unknown word (Validatepatternattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatepatternattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration.md:40:31     - Unknown word (Validatepatternattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatepatternattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validaterange-attribute-declaration.md:35:79     - Unknown word (Validaterangeattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validaterangeattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validaterange-attribute-declaration.md:39:31     - Unknown word (Validaterangeattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validaterangeattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validateset-attribute-declaration.md:39:86     - Unknown word (Validatesetattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatesetattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/validateset-attribute-declaration.md:43:31     - Unknown word (Validatesetattribute) -- Management.Automation.Validatesetattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:107:31    - Unknown word (Errorcategoryinfo) -- Management.Automation.Errorcategoryinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:182:31    - Unknown word (Invocationinfo)    -- Management.Automation.Invocationinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:194:31    - Unknown word (Errorcategoryinfo) -- Management.Automation.Errorcategoryinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:200:31    - Unknown word (Invocationinfo)    -- Management.Automation.Invocationinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:42:36     - Unknown word (somedirectory) -- remove-item -recurse c:\somedirectory`, the error might be
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:43:18     - Unknown word (somedirectory) -- object for "c:\somedirectory\lockedfile". The target
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-error-records.md:43:32     - Unknown word (lockedfile)    -- for "c:\somedirectory\lockedfile". The target object
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-session-state.md:35:270    - Unknown word (Sessionstate) -- Management.Automation.Sessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-session-state.md:35:380    - Unknown word (Sessionstate) -- Management.Automation.Sessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-session-state.md:39:40     - Unknown word (Sessionstate) -- Automation.PSCmdlet.Sessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-session-state.md:41:31     - Unknown word (Sessionstate) -- Management.Automation.Sessionstate?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/cmdlet/windows-powershell-session-state.md:41:44     - Unknown word (Displayproperty) -- Automation.Sessionstate?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/ets/overview.md:32:47     - Unknown word (typeless)   -- scripting language is _typeless_ in that a variable
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/ets/overview.md:34:2      - Unknown word (typeless)   -- _typeless_. However, the PowerShell
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/ets/typeconverters.md:42:67     - Unknown word (Regx)       -- Results of call to `Regx(valueToConvert)`.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/autosize-element-for-widecontrol-format.md:18:3      - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- - Autosize Element
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/columnnumber-element-for-widecontrol-format.md:59:2      - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- [Autosize Element for WideControl
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:103:320   - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- Diagnostics.Process?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:13:101    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:13:119    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:13:86     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- properties of [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:219:315   - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- value of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:219:330   - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:219:348   - Unknown word (Servicetype)       -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:54:110    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:54:128    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-list-view.md:54:95     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- properties of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:13:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:13:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:26:107    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:26:74     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displaying the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:26:89     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-table-view.md:99:147    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- Diagnostics.Process?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-wide-view.md:228:13    - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-wide-view.md:228:28    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype][34] property
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/creating-a-wide-view.md:228:46    - Unknown word (Servicetype)       -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype][34] property changes
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:27:20     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCustomControl</CustomControlNa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-view-format.md:29:20     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCustomControl</CustomControlNa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:27:20     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCustomControl</CustomControlNa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-groupby-format.md:28:20     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCustomControl</CustomControlNa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/defaultsettings-element-format.md:23:58     - Unknown word (Fortable)   -- berOfProperties</PropertyCountFortable>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:27:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-view-format.md:28:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-view-format.md:29:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:25:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:26:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-groupby-format.md:27:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-groupby-format.md:28:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:24:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:25:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format.md:28:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format.md:29:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format.md:75:15     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>NameofDotNetType</TypeName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-tablerowentry-for-tablecontrol-format.md:26:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-tablerowentry-for-tablecontrol-format.md:27:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-wideentry-format.md:26:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/entryselectedby-element-for-wideentry-format.md:27:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:28:22     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCommonCustomControl<
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:31:17     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <PropertyName>Nameof.NetTypeProperty</PropertyName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-view-format.md:30:22     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCommonCustomControl<
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-view-format.md:33:17     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <PropertyName>Nameof.NetTypeProperty</PropertyName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:28:22     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCommonCustomControl<
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:31:17     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <PropertyName>Nameof.NetTypeProperty</PropertyName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-groupby-format.md:29:22     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <CustomControlName>NameofCommonCustomControl<
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-groupby-format.md:32:17     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <PropertyName>Nameof.NetTypeProperty</PropertyName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/format-schema-xml-reference.md:24:2      - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- [Autosize Element for WideControl
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/format-schema-xml-reference.md:63:42     - Unknown word (Bindine)    -- Element for ExpressionBindine for Controls for View
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/label-element-for-groupby-format.md:57:25     - Unknown word (Valueof)    -- this: `Service Type: NewValueofProperty`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:21:29     - Unknown word (formatdata)        -- current session: `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormatting
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:21:41     - Unknown word (prependpath)       -- `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormattingFile
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:48:117    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:48:84     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- properties of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:48:99     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:82:106    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:82:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:82:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:9:114     - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:9:81      - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-basic.md:9:96      - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:10:55     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- properties of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:10:70     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:10:88     - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:22:29     - Unknown word (formatdata)        -- current session: `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormatting
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:22:41     - Unknown word (prependpath)       -- `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormattingFile
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:52:112    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Status](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:52:97     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- value of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Status
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:90:106    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:90:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-groupby.md:90:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:10:61     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- properties of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:10:76     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:10:94     - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:22:29     - Unknown word (formatdata)        -- current session: `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormatting
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:22:41     - Unknown word (prependpath)       -- `Update-formatdata -prependpath PathToFormattingFile
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:74:20     - Unknown word (DISPLAYNAME)       -- <Label>DISPLAYNAME property</Label>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:82:20     - Unknown word (SERVICETYPE)       -- <Label>SERVICETYPE property</Label>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:95:106    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:95:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/list-view-labels.md:95:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listcontrol-element-format.md:54:48     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- view for the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listcontrol-element-format.md:54:63     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listentries-element-for-listcontrol-format.md:54:79     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- view for the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listentries-element-for-listcontrol-format.md:54:94     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listentry-element-for-listcontrol-format.md:56:79     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- view for the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/listentry-element-for-listcontrol-format.md:56:94     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/name-element-for-view-format.md:56:103    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/name-element-for-view-format.md:56:88     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- view for the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/propertycountfortable-element-format.md:20:57     - Unknown word (Fortable)   -- berOfProperties</PropertyCountFortable>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:27:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:28:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-view-format.md:28:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-view-format.md:29:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-customcontrol-format.md:26:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-customcontrol-format.md:27:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:24:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:25:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-groupby-format.md:28:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-groupby-format.md:29:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:28:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:29:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:27:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:28:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-widecontrol-format.md:27:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-widecontrol-format.md:28:21     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-view-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:23:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-groupby-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:69:23     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-widecontrol-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-view-format.md:30:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:26:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:25:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-listentry-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-wideentry-format.md:28:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-groupby-format.md:29:19     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/selectionsetname-element-for-viewselectedby-format.md:63:23     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <SelectionSetName>NameofSelectionSet</SelectionSetName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/tablecolumnitem-element-for-tablecolumnitems-for-tablecontrol-format.md:28:17     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <PropertyName>Nameof.NetProperty</PropertyName
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/tablecontrol-element-format.md:59:114    - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/tablecontrol-element-format.md:59:99     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- properties of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:26:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-view-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-customentry-for-view-format.md:26:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:24:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-groupby-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:26:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:65:15     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:26:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-wideentry-format.md:25:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuration-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-view-format.md:29:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-customcontrol-for-view-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md:24:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md:26:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-tablecontrol-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-entryselectedby-for-widecontrol-format.md:27:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-groupby-format.md:28:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-types-format.md:22:11     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</Name>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-viewselectedby-format.md:56:56     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- specify the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/typename-element-for-viewselectedby-format.md:56:71     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/types-element-for-selectionset-format.md:22:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/view-element-format.md:80:79     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- view for the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/view-element-format.md:80:94     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/viewselectedby-element-format.md:22:13     - Unknown word (Nameof)     -- <TypeName>Nameof.NetType</TypeName>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/viewselectedby-element-format.md:61:56     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- specify the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/viewselectedby-element-format.md:61:71     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:40:111    - Unknown word (Servicename)       -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicename](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:40:78     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- value of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicename
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:40:93     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicename](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:66:106    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:66:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:66:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:9:114     - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:9:81      - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-basic.md:9:96      - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:43:31     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- value of the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:43:46     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:43:64     - Unknown word (Servicetype)       -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller.Servicetype](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:74:106    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:74:73     - Unknown word (Serviceprocess)    -- displays the [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:74:88     - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:9:114     - Unknown word (Displayproperty)   -- viceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:9:81      - Unknown word (Serviceprocess) -- displays groups of [System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayprop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/wide-view-groupby.md:9:96      - Unknown word (Servicecontroller) -- System.Serviceprocess.Servicecontroller?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/format/widecontrol-element-format.md:84:2      - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- [Autosize Element for WideControl
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/examples-of-comment-based-help.md:172:27    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/examples-of-comment-based-help.md:175:27    - Unknown word (inputpath)  -- .\Update-Month.ps1 -inputpath C:\Data\January.csv
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/file-types-permitted-in-an-updatable-help-cab-file.md:27:16     - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/helpinfo-xml-sample-file.md:40:16     - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/helpinfo-xml-schema.md:67:16     - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-a-cmdlet-description.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-a-see-also-section-to-a-provider-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-dynamic-parameters-to-a-provider-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-examples-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-input-types-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-notes-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:17:56     - Unknown word (alertset)   -- using a single `<maml:alertset>` node. There are no
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-notes-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:19:20     - Unknown word (alertset)   -- tags to the `<maml:alertset>` node. The content
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-notes-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:146:14    - Unknown word (defaultvalue)  -- <dev:defaultvalue> Add default value.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:146:54    - Unknown word (defaultvalue)  -- default value...</dev:defaultvalue>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:177:24    - Unknown word (cmdletname)    -- *Full** (`Get-Help <cmdletname> -Full`) or **Parameter
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:177:73    - Unknown word (cmdletname)    -- Parameter** (`Get-Help <cmdletname> -Parameter`)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:210:49    - Unknown word (cmdletname)    -- *Full** (`Get-Help <cmdletname> -Full`) or **Parameter
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:211:13    - Unknown word (cmdletname)    -- (`Get-Help <cmdletname> -Parameter`) view of
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:70:81     - Unknown word (pipelineinput) -- required, **globbing**, **pipelineinput**, and
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-parameter-information.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-related-links-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-syntax-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:179:51    - Unknown word (syntaxitem) -- a pair of `<command:syntaxitem>` tags. There is no
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-syntax-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:180:14    - Unknown word (syntaxitem) -- of `<command:syntaxitem>` tags that you can
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-syntax-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-add-the-cmdlet-name-and-synopsis-to-a-cmdlet-help-topic.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-create-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-create-and-upload-cab-files.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-create-the-cmdlet-help-file.md:47:13     - Unknown word (alertset)   -- | `<maml:alertset>` | Adds content
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-create-the-cmdlet-help-file.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md:26:14     - Unknown word (cabb)       -- `TestModule_9cabb9ad-f2ac-4914-a46b-bfc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md:26:41     - Unknown word (bebf)       -- ad-f2ac-4914-a46b-bfc1bebf07f9_HelpInfo.xml`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md:5:22      - Unknown word (helpinfo)   -- title: How to name a helpinfo XML file
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-an-updatable-help-cab-file.md:27:14     - Unknown word (cabb)       -- `TestModule_9cabb9ad-f2ac-4914-a46b-bfc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-an-updatable-help-cab-file.md:27:41     - Unknown word (bebf)       -- ad-f2ac-4914-a46b-bfc1bebf07f9_en-US_HelpContent
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-name-an-updatable-help-cab-file.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-prepare-updatable-help-cab-files.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-set-helpinfo-xml-version-numbers.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-test-updatable-help.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/how-to-update-help-files.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/naming-help-files.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/supporting-online-help.md:9:16      - Unknown word (platyps)    -- [!INCLUDE [use-platyps](../../../includes/use
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/help/writing-help-for-windows-powershell-cmdlets.md:58:25     - Unknown word (Naur)       -- the standard Backus-Naur format which is common
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:140:14    - Unknown word (Linq)       -- using System.Linq;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:178:14    - Unknown word (Linq)       -- using System.Linq;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:198:20    - Unknown word (asyncpl)    -- IAsyncResult asyncpl = ps.BeginInvoke();
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:202:48    - Unknown word (asyncpl)    -- result in ps.EndInvoke(asyncpl))
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:57:32     - Unknown word (Pscommand)  -- Management.Automation.Pscommand.Addparameter*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/adding-and-invoking-commands.md:68:31     - Unknown word (Pscommand)  -- Management.Automation.Pscommand.Addparameter*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:101:85    - Unknown word (Commandinfo)             -- Management.Automation.Commandinfo.Visibility](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:105:67    - Unknown word (childitem)               -- ltSessionState.Commands, "get-childitem");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:13:69     - Unknown word (Sessionstatecmdletentry) -- Automation.Runspaces.Sessionstatecmdletentry](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:50:31     - Unknown word (ssce)                    -- SessionStateCmdletEntry ssce1 = new SessionStateCmdletEntr
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:54:24     - Unknown word (ssce)                    -- iss.Commands.Add(ssce1);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:56:31     - Unknown word (ssce)                    -- SessionStateCmdletEntry ssce2 = new SessionStateCmdletEntr
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:60:24     - Unknown word (ssce)                    -- iss.Commands.Add(ssce2);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:9:204     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-constrained-runspace.md:9:352     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate.Create*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-custom-user-interface.md:9:376     - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-custom-user-interface.md:9:509     - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-custom-user-interface.md:9:649     - Unknown word (Ihostsupportsinteractivesession) -- Management.Automation.Host.Ihostsupportsinteractivesession](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-a-custom-user-interface.md:9:800     - Unknown word (Ihostuisupportsmultiplechoiceselection) -- Management.Automation.Host.Ihostuisupportsmultiplechoiceselection](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-multiple-runspaces.md:9:137     - Unknown word (Runspacepool) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspacepool](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/creating-runspaces.md:11:302    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/custom-host-samples.md:17:335    - Unknown word (pwrsh)      -- would see them using pwrsh.exe, and then prints
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host02-sample.md:113:40    - Unknown word (handlecount) -- get-process | sort handlecount
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host02-sample.md:118:26    - Unknown word (outputter)   -- // Add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host02-sample.md:12:44     - Unknown word (pwrsh)      -- would see them by using pwrsh.exe, and then prints
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host02-sample.md:803:37    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host02-sample.md:805:37    - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:1188:37   - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:1190:37   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:123:58    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- goes to the default outputter, this method()
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:153:32    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- Now add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:198:30    - Unknown word (icer)       -- IContainsErrorRecord icer = e as IContainsErrorRecord
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:199:13    - Unknown word (icer)       -- if (icer != null)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:201:19    - Unknown word (icer)       -- error = icer.ErrorRecord;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:407:58    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- goes to the default outputter, this method()
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host03-sample.md:433:32    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- Now add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:1089:36   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:1305:37   - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:1307:37   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:180:58    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- goes to the default outputter, this method
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:211:32    - Unknown word (outputter)  -- Now add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:257:30    - Unknown word (icer)       -- IContainsErrorRecord icer = e as IContainsErrorRecord
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:258:13    - Unknown word (icer)       -- if (icer != null)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:260:19    - Unknown word (icer)       -- error = icer.ErrorRecord;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host04-sample.md:569:36    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:1167:36   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:1383:37   - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:1385:37   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:195:9     - Unknown word (outputter)              -- /// outputter, this method does not
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:224:28    - Unknown word (outputter)              -- // Add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:26:38     - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:270:30    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- IContainsErrorRecord icer = e as IContainsErrorRecord
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:271:13    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- if (icer != null)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:273:19    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- error = icer.ErrorRecord;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:28:38     - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host05-sample.md:646:36    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:1165:36   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:1381:31   - Unknown word (Psparser)               -- Management.Automation.Psparser.Tokenize*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:1865:37   - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:1867:37   - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:202:9     - Unknown word (outputter)              -- /// outputter, this method does not
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:232:28    - Unknown word (outputter)              -- // Add the default outputter to the end of the pipe
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:24:38     - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:26:38     - Unknown word (Pshostrawuserinterface) -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostrawuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:278:30    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- IContainsErrorRecord icer = e as IContainsErrorRecord
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:279:13    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- if (icer != null)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:281:19    - Unknown word (icer)                   -- error = icer.ErrorRecord;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/host06-sample.md:645:36    - Unknown word (Pshostuserinterface)    -- Management.Automation.Host.Pshostuserinterface](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md:17:54     - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md:19:233    - Unknown word (Runspaceconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconnectioninfo.Opentimeout*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md:19:415    - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md:19:55     - Unknown word (Runspaceconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconnectioninfo.Operationtimeout*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md:21:84     - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md:17:54     - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md:19:233    - Unknown word (Runspaceconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconnectioninfo.Opentimeout*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md:19:415    - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md:19:55     - Unknown word (Runspaceconnectioninfo) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconnectioninfo.Operationtimeout*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md:21:84     - Unknown word (Wsmanconnectioninfo)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Wsmanconnectioninfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace-samples.md:20:403    - Unknown word (Datagridview) -- System.Windows.Forms.Datagridview](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace-samples.md:29:86     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace-samples.md:32:85     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace-samples.md:44:134    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace-samples.md:47:58     - Unknown word (Proxycommand)        -- Management.Automation.Proxycommand](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace01-sample.md:44:9      - Unknown word (handlecount) -- /// handlecount are then extracted from
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace02-sample.md:25:33     - Unknown word (Datagridview) -- System.Windows.Forms.Datagridview](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace02-sample.md:29:321    - Unknown word (Datagridview) -- System.Windows.Forms.Datagridview](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace02-sample.md:9:765     - Unknown word (Datagridview) -- System.Windows.Forms.Datagridview](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace03-sample.md:73:19     - Unknown word (nosuchprocess) -- "lsass", "nosuchprocess", "services", "nosuchprocess
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace03-sample.md:73:48     - Unknown word (nosuchprocess) -- nosuchprocess", "services", "nosuchprocess2"
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace05-sample.md:19:54     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace05-sample.md:21:69     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace05-sample.md:23:186    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace05-sample.md:35:84     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace05-sample.md:9:85      - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace06-sample.md:19:54     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace06-sample.md:21:68     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace06-sample.md:23:186    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace06-sample.md:35:84     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace06-sample.md:9:84      - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace07-sample.md:19:185    - Unknown word (Runspacefactory) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspacefactory](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace08-sample.md:19:185    - Unknown word (Runspacefactory) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspacefactory](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace08-sample.md:82:99     - Unknown word (handlecount)     -- AddParameter("property", "handlecount");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace09-sample.md:74:66     - Unknown word (milli)      -- foreach {$_ ; start-sleep -milli 500}");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:104:31    - Unknown word (ssce)                -- SessionStateCmdletEntry ssce = new SessionStateCmdletEntry
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:105:24    - Unknown word (ssce)                -- iss.Commands.Add(ssce);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:19:54     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:21:100    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:33:84     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace10-sample.md:9:133     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace11-sample.md:19:44     - Unknown word (Commandmetadata) -- Management.Automation.Commandmetadata](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace11-sample.md:21:54     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace11-sample.md:25:68     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/runspace11-sample.md:9:64      - Unknown word (Proxycommand) -- Management.Automation.Proxycommand](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell-api-samples.md:14:72     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell-host-quickstart.md:2:38      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- Windows PowerShell Host Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell-host-quickstart.md:6:32      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- Windows PowerShell Host Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell-host-quickstart.md:8:27      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- Windows PowerShell Host Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:156:35    - Unknown word (childitem)              -- scriptComment = "get-childitem with a default InitialSession
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:158:27    - Unknown word (childitem)              -- this.RunScript("get-childitem", scriptComment);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:162:80    - Unknown word (childitem)              -- nStateAliasEntry("dir2", "get-childitem"));
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:169:77    - Unknown word (childitem)              -- ltSessionState.Commands, "get-childitem");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:173:28    - Unknown word (childitem)              -- scriptComment = "get-childitem was removed from the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:19:103    - Unknown word (Languagemode)        -- Initialsessionstate.Languagemode](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:19:83     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate.Languagemode](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:21:121    - Unknown word (Displayproperty)        -- Sessionstatealiasentry?Displayproperty=Fullname](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:21:98     - Unknown word (Sessionstatealiasentry) -- Automation.Runspaces.Sessionstatealiasentry?Displayproperty=Fullname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:25:106    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate.Providers](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:27:105    - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate.Commands](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:29:80     - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate)    -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:54:49     - Unknown word (paramref)               -- index of the entry in <paramref name="entries"/>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:55:24     - Unknown word (paramref)               -- /// with the name <paramref name="name"/>. Return
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:57:10     - Unknown word (typeparam)              -- /// <typeparam name="T">Type of ConstrainedS
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:57:67     - Unknown word (typeparam)              -- ConstrainedSessionStateEntry</typeparam>
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:58:68     - Unknown word (paramref)               -- entries to search for <paramref name="name"/> in.</param
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:61:42     - Unknown word (paramref)               -- index of the entry in <paramref name="entries"/> with
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:62:15     - Unknown word (paramref)               -- /// name <paramref name="name"/>, or return
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell01-sample.md:9:72      - Unknown word (Initialsessionstate) -- Automation.Runspaces.Initialsessionstate](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/hosting/windows-powershell02-sample.md:25:55     - Unknown word (Runspacepool) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspacepool.Getavailablerunspaces
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/installing-the-windows-powershell-sdk.md:128:80    - Unknown word (pwrsh)      -- would see them by using pwrsh.exe, and then
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/installing-the-windows-powershell-sdk.md:38:27     - Unknown word (sysmgmt)    -- Windows\v7.0\Samples\sysmgmt\WindowsPowerShell\`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:15:180    - Unknown word (Custompssnapin) -- Management.Automation.Custompssnapin](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:27:31     - Unknown word (Custompssnapin) -- Management.Automation.Custompssnapin](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/how-to-import-cmdlets-using-modules.md:21:58     - Unknown word (mymodule)   -- indowsPowerShell\v1.0\Modules\mymodule`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/installing-a-powershell-module.md:74:10     - Unknown word (SETTINGCHANGE) -- > **WM_SETTINGCHANGE** message with `lParam
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/writing-a-custom-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:155:57    - Unknown word (customsnapintest)         -- mdletConfigurationEntry("test-customsnapintest", typeof(TestCustomSnapinTest
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/writing-a-custom-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:156:57    - Unknown word (helloworld)               -- mdletConfigurationEntry("test-helloworld", typeof(TestHelloWorld
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/writing-a-custom-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:19:34     - Unknown word (Custompssnapin) -- Management.Automation.Custompssnapin](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/writing-a-custom-windows-powershell-snap-in.md:51:44     - Unknown word (Cmdletconfigurationentry) -- Automation.Runspaces.Cmdletconfigurationentry](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/module/writing-a-windows-powershell-module.md:18:1      - Unknown word (redistributable) -- redistributable components, with the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:113:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:118:53    - Unknown word (samplesaccessdbprov)               -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderDynam
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:118:75    - Unknown word (accessdbprov)                      -- samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderDynamicParameters
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:120:4     - Unknown word (Uninitializing)                    -- ## Uninitializing the Provider
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:124:68    - Unknown word (uninitialize)                      -- PowerShell runtime to uninitialize the provider at the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:130:53    - Unknown word (samplesaccessdbprov)               -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderStop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:130:75    - Unknown word (accessdbprov)                      -- samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderStop](Msh_samplesacc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:16:1      - Unknown word (uninitialize) -- uninitialize the provider.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:26:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:43:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:47:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:53:40     - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:63:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:67:31     - Unknown word (Providerinfo)            -- Management.Automation.Providerinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:70:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Start*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:80:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Start*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:83:31     - Unknown word (Providerinfo)            -- Management.Automation.Providerinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:86:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Start*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:88:31     - Unknown word (Providerinfo)            -- Management.Automation.Providerinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:90:31     - Unknown word (Providerinfo)            -- Management.Automation.Providerinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:92:31     - Unknown word (Providerinfo)            -- Management.Automation.Providerinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:97:53     - Unknown word (samplesaccessdbprov)     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderStart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-basic-windows-powershell-provider.md:97:75     - Unknown word (accessdbprov)            -- samplesaccessdbprov01#accessdbprov01ProviderStart](Msh
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:103:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:108:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:110:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Include*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:117:42    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Itemexists*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:124:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:141:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:148:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchilditemsdyna
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:148:72    - Unknown word (testprovidergetchilditemsdynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchilditemsdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:174:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                       -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:179:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                             -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:181:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                             -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Include*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:214:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)          -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:221:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                         -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildnamesdyna
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:221:72    - Unknown word (testprovidergetchildnamesdynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildnamesdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:235:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                         -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderrenameitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:235:72    - Unknown word (testproviderrenameitem)                     -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderrenameitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:244:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                       -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:297:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)          -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:304:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                         -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderrenameitemdynamic
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:304:72    - Unknown word (testproviderrenameitemdynamicparameters)    -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderrenameitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:360:42    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)                         -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Getitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:364:33    - Unknown word (Languageprimitives)                         -- Management.Automation.Languageprimitives.Convertto*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:386:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)          -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:392:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                         -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernewitemdynamicpar
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:392:72    - Unknown word (testprovidernewitemdynamicparameters)       -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernewitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:407:72    - Unknown word (testproviderremoveitem)                     -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderremoveitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:40:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:416:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                       -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:457:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)          -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:465:72    - Unknown word (testproviderremoveitemdynamicparameters)    -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderremoveitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:47:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:512:72    - Unknown word (testprovidercopyitem)                       -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidercopyitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:521:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                       -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:579:72    - Unknown word (testprovidercopyitemdynamicparameters)      -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidercopyitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:57:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:600:18    - Unknown word (mydb)                                       -- Get-ChildItem mydb:customers
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:619:19    - Unknown word (mydb)                                       -- (Get-ChildItem mydb:customers).data
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:635:13    - Unknown word (mydb)                                       -- Get-Item mydb:\customers\0
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:652:14    - Unknown word (mydb)                                       -- (Get-Item mydb:\customers\0).data
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:677:19    - Unknown word (mydb)                                       -- New-Item -Path mydb:\Customers\3 -ItemType
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:69:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:75:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:82:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:89:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-container-provider.md:99:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:103:40    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentreader*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:108:40    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentreader*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:137:40    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentreader*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:141:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)     -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:146:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)           -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:148:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)           -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Include*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:153:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)           -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:156:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)           -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:167:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:223:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)              -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:228:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                    -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:250:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:25:40     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:279:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)              -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:31:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:329:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:371:19    - Unknown word (mydb)                              -- Get-Content -Path mydb:\Customers -ReadCount
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:41:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:53:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:59:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:64:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:70:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:72:40     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:74:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:82:40     - Unknown word (Icontentreader)           -- Automation.Provider.Icontentreader](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-content-provider.md:93:40     - Unknown word (Icontentwriter)           -- Automation.Provider.Icontentwriter](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:105:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernewdrivedynamicpa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:105:72    - Unknown word (testprovidernewdrivedynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernewdrivedynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:134:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                        -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Start*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:142:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                    -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderinitializedefault
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:142:72    - Unknown word (testproviderinitializedefaultdrives)   -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderinitializedefaultdrives](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:187:22    - Unknown word (mydb)                                  -- new-psdrive -name mydb -root c:\ps\northwind
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:187:54    - Unknown word (psprovider)                            -- c:\ps\northwind.mdb -psprovider AccessDb`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:187:8     - Unknown word (psdrive)                               -- new-psdrive -name mydb -root c:
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:206:15    - Unknown word (psdrive)                               -- **PS> (get-psdrive mydb).connection**
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:206:23    - Unknown word (mydb)                                  -- **PS> (get-psdrive mydb).connection**
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:225:15    - Unknown word (psdrive)                               -- PS> remove-psdrive mydb
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:225:23    - Unknown word (mydb)                                  -- PS> remove-psdrive mydb
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:22:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:28:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:32:40     - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:39:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:41:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:42:65     - Unknown word (uninitializing)          -- for initializing and uninitializing the provider. To
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:57:33     - Unknown word (Driveinfo)               -- Management.Automation.PSDriveinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:65:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:67:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:75:35     - Unknown word (Driveinfo)               -- Management.Automation.PSDriveinfo.Root*](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:79:35     - Unknown word (Driveinfo)               -- Management.Automation.PSDriveinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:82:35     - Unknown word (Driveinfo)               -- Management.Automation.PSDriveinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:86:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.WriteError](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:96:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrivedynamicparameters
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-drive-provider.md:99:31     - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:134:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets) -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovideritemexistdynamicp
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:134:72    - Unknown word (testprovideritemexistdynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovideritemexistdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:193:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetitemdynamicpar
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:193:72    - Unknown word (testprovidergetitemdynamicparameters)   -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:206:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidersetitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:206:72    - Unknown word (testprovidersetitem)                    -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidersetitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:271:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidersetitemdynamicpar
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:271:72    - Unknown word (testprovidersetitemdynamicparameters)   -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidersetitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:283:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                     -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderclearitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:283:72    - Unknown word (testproviderclearitem)                  -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderclearitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:348:72    - Unknown word (testproviderclearitemdynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderclearitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:361:72    - Unknown word (testproviderinvokedefaultaction)        -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderinvokedefaultaction](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:403:72    - Unknown word (testproviderinvokedefaultactiondynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testproviderinvokedefaultactiondynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-item-provider.md:443:12    - Unknown word (Directoryinfo)                                    -- [System.IO.Directoryinfo](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:102:40    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:134:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)       -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetparentpath
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:134:72    - Unknown word (testprovidergetparentpath) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetparentpath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:156:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)        -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildname
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:156:72    - Unknown word (testprovidergetchildname)  -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidergetchildname](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:189:40    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)      -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:194:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)            -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:206:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)        -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:206:72    - Unknown word (testprovidermoveitem)      -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitem](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:212:40    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)      -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:219:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)            -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:222:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)            -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:225:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)            -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:234:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)            -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.ShouldProcess](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:261:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary) -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:268:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitemdynamicpa
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:268:72    - Unknown word (testprovidermoveitemdynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermoveitemdynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:280:72    - Unknown word (testprovidernormalizepath)             -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidernormalizepath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:315:17    - Unknown word (mydb)                                  -- Set-Location mydb:
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:318:21    - Unknown word (Childitem)                             -- 2. Now run the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet to retrieve
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:35:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:364:21    - Unknown word (Childitem)                             -- 5. Now use the `Get-Childitem` cmdlet piped to the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:369:33    - Unknown word (rownumber)                             -- ChildItem | Format-Table rownumber,psiscontainer,data
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:369:43    - Unknown word (psiscontainer)                         -- Format-Table rownumber,psiscontainer,data -AutoSize
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:41:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute)  -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:50:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:63:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:69:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:75:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:83:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:94:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:97:53     - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)       -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermakepath
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-navigation-provider.md:97:72     - Unknown word (testprovidermakepath)     -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testprovidermakepath](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:101:42    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                              -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:115:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)           -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:122:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                          -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderge
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:122:72    - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyprovidergetpropertydynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyprovidergetpropertydynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:139:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                                      -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderse
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:139:72    - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyprovidersetproperty)                  -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyprovidersetproperty](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:148:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                                    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:14:40     - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:195:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)                       -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:200:53    - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                                      -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderse
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:200:72    - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyprovidersetpropertydynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyprovidersetpropertydynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:213:72    - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyproviderclearproperty)                -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderclearproperty](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:222:42    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                                    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:269:31    - Unknown word (Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary)                       -- Management.Automation.Runtimedefinedparameterdictionary](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:276:72    - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyproviderclearpropertydynamicparameters) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderclearpropertydynamicparameters](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:30:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writepropertyobject
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:36:40     - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:40:53     - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)      -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyprovidercl
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:40:72     - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyproviderclassdeclaration) -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderclassdeclaration](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:45:40     - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)                     -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:47:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)                         -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:55:40     - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)                     -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider.Getproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:61:40     - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)                     -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider.Getproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:70:31     - Unknown word (Wildcardpattern)                             -- Management.Automation.Wildcardpattern](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:77:53     - Unknown word (samplestestcmdlets)                          -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyproviderge
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:77:72     - Unknown word (testcmdletspropertyprovidergetproperty)      -- Msh_samplestestcmdlets#testcmdletspropertyprovidergetproperty](Msh_samplestestcmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:86:42     - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)                        -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:91:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                              -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Exclude*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:93:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                              -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Include*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/creating-a-windows-powershell-property-provider.md:98:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)                              -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Force*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:111:40    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:115:40    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:125:218   - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:130:40    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:137:40    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:143:8     - Unknown word (Childitem)               -- | `Get-Childitem` | Retrieves the child
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:151:40    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:154:40    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:177:40    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:191:40    - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:208:40    - Unknown word (Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:210:40    - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)        -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:227:40    - Unknown word (Isecuritydescriptorcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Isecuritydescriptorcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:235:101   - Unknown word (Accesscontrol)                     -- of [System.Security.Accesscontrol.Objectsecurity](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:235:115   - Unknown word (Objectsecurity)                    -- Security.Accesscontrol.Objectsecurity](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:30:10     - Unknown word (mydrive)    -- example, mydrive:\abc\bar.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:34:59     - Unknown word (uninitialize) -- runtime to initialize and uninitialize the provider, your Windows
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:36:16     - Unknown word (uncshare)     -- FileSystem::\\\uncshare\abc\bar is the provider
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:43:56     - Unknown word (regkeypath)   -- provider can use \\\server\regkeypath as a provider-direct
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:50:59     - Unknown word (uncshare)     -- PowerShell provider is \\\uncshare\abc\bar.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:55:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:79:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:91:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/designing-your-windows-powershell-provider.md:98:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc01-csharp-sample-code.md:15:40     - Unknown word (getproc)    -- the C# source file (getproc01.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc01-vb-net-sample-code.md:12:40     - Unknown word (getproc)    -- the C# source file (getproc01.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc01-vb-net-sample-code.md:18:53     - Unknown word (samplesgetproc) -- reference [!CODE [msh_samplesgetproc01#getproc01vball](msh
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc01-vb-net-sample-code.md:18:70     - Unknown word (getproc)        -- msh_samplesgetproc01#getproc01vball](msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc01-vb-net-sample-code.md:18:79     - Unknown word (vball)          -- samplesgetproc01#getproc01vball](msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc02-code-samples.md:12:40     - Unknown word (getproc)    -- the C# source file (getproc02.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc02-vb-net-sample-code.md:17:53     - Unknown word (samplesgetproc) -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesgetproc02#getproc02vball](Msh
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc02-vb-net-sample-code.md:17:70     - Unknown word (getproc)        -- Msh_samplesgetproc02#getproc02vball](Msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc02-vb-net-sample-code.md:17:79     - Unknown word (vball)          -- samplesgetproc02#getproc02vball](Msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc03-code-samples.md:12:40     - Unknown word (getprov)    -- the C# source file (getprov03.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc03-csharp-sample-code.md:16:40     - Unknown word (getprov)    -- the C# source file (getprov03.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc03-vb-net-sample-code.md:17:53     - Unknown word (samplesgetproc) -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesgetproc03#getproc03vbAll](Msh
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc03-vb-net-sample-code.md:17:70     - Unknown word (getproc)        -- Msh_samplesgetproc03#getproc03vbAll](Msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc04-code-samples.md:12:40     - Unknown word (getprov)    -- the C# source file (getprov04.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc04-csharp-sample-code.md:15:40     - Unknown word (getprov)    -- the C# source file (getprov04.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc04-vb-net-sample-code.md:12:40     - Unknown word (getprov)    -- the C# source file (getprov04.cs) for this Get-Proc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc04-vb-net-sample-code.md:18:53     - Unknown word (samplesgetproc) -- reference [!CODE [Msh_samplesgetproc04#GetProc04vball](Msh
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc04-vb-net-sample-code.md:18:79     - Unknown word (vball)          -- samplesgetproc04#GetProc04vball](Msh_samplesgetproc
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/getproc05-vb-net-sample-code.md:93:39     - Unknown word (processnames) -- each of the requested processnames, retrieve and write
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md:11:64     - Unknown word (Metabase)   -- Information Services (IIS) Metabase, the Microsoft Windows
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/how-to-create-a-windows-powershell-provider.md:59:235    - Unknown word (uninitialize) -- runtime to initialize and uninitialize the provider.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace01-vb-net-code-sample.md:27:11     - Unknown word (handlecount) -- ' handlecount are then extracted from
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace02-code-samples.md:9:103     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace02-csharp-code-sample.md:10:31     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace02-vb-net-code-sample.md:9:110     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace03-csharp-code-sample.md:11:31     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace03-vb-net-code-sample.md:11:35     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace03-vb-net-code-sample.md:61:55     - Unknown word (nosuchprocess)  -- String = {"lsass", "nosuchprocess", _
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace03-vb-net-code-sample.md:62:30     - Unknown word (nosuchprocess)  -- "services", "nosuchprocess2"}
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace04-code-samples.md:9:82      - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace04-vb-net-code-sample.md:61:37     - Unknown word (inputobject)    -- " select-string $_ -inputobject 'abc' }"
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace04-vb-net-code-sample.md:9:110     - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/runspace10-code-sample.md:10:41     - Unknown word (Runspaceconfiguration) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconfiguration](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopproc01-code-samples.md:12:28     - Unknown word (stopproc)   -- can download the C# (stopproc01.cs) source file for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopproc01-csharp-sample-code.md:12:28     - Unknown word (stopproc)   -- can download the C# (stopproc01.cs) source file for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-code-samples.md:12:28     - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- can download the C# (stopprocesssample04.cs) and VB.NET (stopprocess
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-code-samples.md:12:64     - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- ocesssample04.cs) and VB.NET (stopprocesssample04.vb) for this Stop
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-csharp-sample-code.md:16:28     - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- can download the C# (stopprocesssample04.cs) source file for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-vb-net-sample-code.md:12:32     - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- download the VB.NET (stopprocesssample04.vb) source file for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-vb-net-sample-code.md:132:39    - Unknown word (processnames)      -- each of the requested processnames:
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-vb-net-sample-code.md:214:16    - Unknown word (declutter)         -- ''' to declutter ProcessRecord method
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-vb-net-sample-code.md:398:50    - Unknown word (spoolsv)           -- system", "winlogon", "spoolsv", "calc"})
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/windows-powershell-sample-code.md:16:14     - Unknown word (Mgmt)       -- > Samples\SysMgmt\PowerShell"** to locate
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/windows-powershell-sample-code.md:37:138    - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/windows-powershell-sample-code.md:39:168    - Unknown word (Runspaceinvoke) -- Management.Automation.Runspaceinvoke](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/prog-guide/windows-powershell-sample-code.md:45:201    - Unknown word (Runspaceconfiguration) -- Automation.Runspaces.Runspaceconfiguration](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:10:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:19:44     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:20:44     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:21:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:31:42     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)           -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:42:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:44:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md:46:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:10:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:12:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Removedrive*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:15:40     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:24:44     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:25:44     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:26:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:36:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:40:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:61:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:63:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md:65:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:10:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Getitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:12:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Setitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:15:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:24:44     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:25:44     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:26:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:35:42     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:38:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:42:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Removedrive*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:73:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md:75:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:13:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:20:42     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:26:42     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:34:42     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:39:42     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchildnames*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:43:42     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Newitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:60:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md:64:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:13:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:22:44     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:23:44     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:24:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:34:42     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:38:42     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:44:42     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Makepath*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:71:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md:73:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:13:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:15:40     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:24:44     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:25:44     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:26:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:35:42     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:37:42     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:40:42     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Clearcontent*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:45:42     - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentreader*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:50:34     - Unknown word (Filesystemprovider)       -- PowerShell.Commands.Filesystemprovider.Getcontentwriter*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:63:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:65:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/accessdbprovidersample06.md:67:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-dynamic-parameters.md:123:42    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Removeitemdynamicparameters
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-dynamic-parameters.md:131:42    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Renameitemdynamicparameters
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:16:174    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Clearcontent*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:19:171    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Clearitem*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:22:191    - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider.Clearproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:28:189    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:28:361    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchildnames*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:31:172    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentreader*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:34:169    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Getitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:37:189    - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider.Getproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:40:172    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Invokedefaultaction
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:43:189    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Moveitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:46:195    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Newitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:49:207    - Unknown word (Registryprovider)         -- PowerShell.Commands.Registryprovider.Newproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:52:187    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Removeitem*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:55:192    - Unknown word (Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider.Removeproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:58:187    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)        -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Renameitem*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:61:204    - Unknown word (Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Idynamicpropertycmdletprovider.Renameproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:64:172    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)         -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider.Getcontentwriter*](
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:67:182    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)             -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Setitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:70:182    - Unknown word (Ipropertycmdletprovider)        -- Automation.Provider.Ipropertycmdletprovider.Setproperty*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlet-parameters.md:73:170    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)             -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Invokedefaultaction
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:28:4      - Unknown word (Newdrive)   -- - [Newdrive][13]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:34:82     - Unknown word (Removedrive) -- DriveCmdletProvider.Removedrive][15]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:45:4      - Unknown word (Clearitem)   -- - [Clearitem][44]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:54:4      - Unknown word (Copyitem)    -- - [Copyitem][02]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:62:4      - Unknown word (Getitem)     -- - [Getitem][46]
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-cmdlets.md:86:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider][53] class:
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:16:123    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:19:233    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Removedrive*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:19:516    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:19:79     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:22:229    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Setitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:22:493    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:22:79     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Getitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:25:395    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:28:344    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:31:335    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/provider-samples.md:31:505    - Unknown word (Icontentcmdletprovider)   -- Automation.Provider.Icontentcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:100:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute.Providercapabilities
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:102:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:105:40    - Unknown word (Providercapabilities)    -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:121:40    - Unknown word (Icmdletprovidersupportshelp) -- Automation.Provider.Icmdletprovidersupportshelp](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:125:40    - Unknown word (Icmdletprovidersupportshelp) -- Automation.Provider.Icmdletprovidersupportshelp.Gethelpmaml*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:132:48    - Unknown word (PSMAML)                      -- file is written using PSMAML XML. This is the same
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:55:49     - Unknown word (childitem)  -- . For example: `get-childitem C:`
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:59:58     - Unknown word (uninitialize) -- engine to initialize and uninitialize your provider, the provider
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:60:82     - Unknown word (uninitialize) -- user can initialize and uninitialize the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:62:16     - Unknown word (uncshare)     -- `FileSystem::\\uncshare\abc\bar`.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:68:56     - Unknown word (regkeypath)   -- provider can use `\\server\regkeypath` as a provider-direct
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:75:59     - Unknown word (uncshare)     -- PowerShell provider is `\\uncshare\abc\bar`.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:94:40     - Unknown word (Providercapabilities) -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-overview.md:98:40     - Unknown word (Providercapabilities) -- Automation.Provider.Providercapabilities](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:100:13    - Unknown word (DBPS)                     -- accessDBPSDriveInfo.Connection
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:127:26    - Unknown word (ODBC)                     -- // Gets or sets the ODBC connection information
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:13:168    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Newdrive*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:13:322    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider.Removedrive*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:13:493    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:156:20    - Unknown word (ODBC)                     -- // Close the ODBC connection to the drive
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:29:92     - Unknown word (noexit)              -- line arguments** box: `-noexit -command "[reflection
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:2:42      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- PowerShell Provider Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:33:375    - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:33:70     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:35:256    - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute)  -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:35:94     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:42:21     - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- using System.Data.Odbc;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:5:36      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- PowerShell Provider Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:61:204    - Unknown word (DBPS)                     -- internal class AccessDBPSDriveInfo to create a
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:7:31      - Unknown word (Quickstart) -- PowerShell Provider Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:91:43     - Unknown word (ODBC)                     -- drive and create an ODBC connection to the new
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:92:13     - Unknown word (DBPS)                     -- AccessDBPSDriveInfo accessDBPSDriveInfo
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:92:33     - Unknown word (DBPS)                     -- AccessDBPSDriveInfo accessDBPSDriveInfo = new AccessDBPSDriv
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:92:59     - Unknown word (DBPS)                     -- cessDBPSDriveInfo = new AccessDBPSDriveInfo(drive);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:93:49     - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- onStringBuilder builder = new OdbcConnectionStringBuilder
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:93:7      - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- OdbcConnectionStringBuilder
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:98:33     - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- OdbcConnection conn = new OdbcConnection(builder.ConnectionS
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/windows-powershell-provider-quickstart.md:98:7      - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- OdbcConnection conn = new
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:12:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:240:45    - Unknown word (ODBC)                    -- Execute command using ODBC connection to create
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:253:54    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- the table using the Odbc connection from the
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:255:30    - Unknown word (DBPS)                    -- AccessDBPSDriveInfo di = this.PSDriveInf
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:255:75    - Unknown word (DBPS)                    -- PSDriveInfo as AccessDBPSDriveInfo;
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:261:24    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- OdbcConnection connection
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:265:28    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- OdbcCommand cmd = new OdbcCommand
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:265:50    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- OdbcCommand cmd = new OdbcCommand(sql, connection
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:26:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:311:20    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- OdbcDataAdapter da = GetAdapterFor
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:36:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)     -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:39:42     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:46:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:48:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:61:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:67:40     - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider.Getchilditems*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-container-provider.md:72:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:12:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:194:216   - Unknown word (basepath)                 -- method takes `path` and `basepath` parameters, and returns
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:194:332   - Unknown word (basepath)                 -- and relative to the `basepath` parameter.
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:198:68    - Unknown word (basepath)                 -- string basepath)
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:203:50    - Unknown word (basepath)                 -- ormalBasePath = NormalizePath(basepath);
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:259:16    - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- OdbcDataAdapter da = GetAdapterFor
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:25:40     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:268:16    - Unknown word (Odbc)                     -- OdbcDataAdapter dda = GetAdapterFo
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:31:294    - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider)      -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:31:533    - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider)       -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:31:665    - Unknown word (Containercmdletprovider)  -- Automation.Provider.Containercmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:35:253    - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute)  -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:35:80     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:47:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Isitemcontainer*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-a-navigation-provider.md:80:44     - Unknown word (Navigationcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Navigationcmdletprovider.Getchildname*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:11:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:143:12    - Unknown word (Odbc)                    -- OdbcDataAdapter da = GetAdapterFor
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:186:40    - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:25:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:30:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Getitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:32:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Setitem*](/dotnet/api
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:34:40     - Unknown word (Itemcmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Itemcmdletprovider.Itemexists*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:44:42     - Unknown word (Drivecmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Drivecmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:52:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletproviderattribute) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletproviderattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/provider/writing-an-item-provider.md:73:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider)          -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider.Writeitemobject*](/dotnet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:143:51    - Unknown word (Sched)      -- schedJobDefName = "MySampleSchedJob";
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:147:91    - Unknown word (Sched)      -- foreach {sleep 1; ""SchedJobOutput $_""}");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:46:35     - Unknown word (Sched)      -- schedJobDefName = "MySampleSchedJob";
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:46:8      - Unknown word (sched)      -- string schedJobDefName = "MySampleSchedJob
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:48:30     - Unknown word (sched)      -- jobDefParameters.Add("Name", schedJobDefName); //
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:50:75     - Unknown word (Sched)      -- foreach {sleep 1; ""SchedJobOutput $_""}");
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:62:81     - Unknown word (sched)      -- scriptBlock.ToString(), schedJobDefName),
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:65:1      - Unknown word (sched)      -- schedJobDefinition = new ScheduledJ
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/scheduling-jobs-with-the-windows-powershell-api.md:78:1      - Unknown word (sched)      -- schedJobDefinition.Register
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1014:19   - Unknown word (membersets)           -- href: ets/membersets.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1020:19   - Unknown word (typeconverters)       -- href: ets/typeconverters.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1065:30   - Unknown word (getproc)              -- href: prog-guide/getproc01-code-samples.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1068:34   - Unknown word (getproc)              -- href: prog-guide/getproc01-csharp-sample-code
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1070:34   - Unknown word (getproc)              -- href: prog-guide/getproc01-vb-net-sample-code
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1072:30   - Unknown word (getproc)              -- href: prog-guide/getproc02-code-samples.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1100:30   - Unknown word (stopproc)             -- href: prog-guide/stopproc01-code-samples.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1103:34   - Unknown word (stopproc)             -- href: prog-guide/stopproc01-csharp-sample-code
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:1105:30   - Unknown word (stopprocesssample)    -- href: prog-guide/stopprocesssample04-code-samples.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:142:43    - Unknown word (errorrecord)     -- cmdlet/interpreting-errorrecord-objects.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:190:42    - Unknown word (pscmdlet)        -- cmdlet/how-to-invoke-a-pscmdlet-from-within-a-pscmdlet
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:190:65    - Unknown word (pscmdlet)        -- pscmdlet-from-within-a-pscmdlet.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:195:26    - Unknown word (getproc)         -- href: cmdlet/getproc-tutorial.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:206:26    - Unknown word (stopproc)        -- href: cmdlet/stopproc-tutorial.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:217:26    - Unknown word (selectstr)       -- href: cmdlet/selectstr-tutorial.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:225:26    - Unknown word (getprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/getprocesssample01-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:227:26    - Unknown word (getprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/getprocesssample02-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:229:26    - Unknown word (getprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/getprocesssample03-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:231:26    - Unknown word (getprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/getprocesssample04-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:233:26    - Unknown word (getprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/getprocesssample05-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:235:26    - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/stopprocesssample01-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:237:26    - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/stopprocesssample02-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:239:26    - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/stopprocesssample03-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:241:26    - Unknown word (stopprocesssample) -- href: cmdlet/stopprocesssample04-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:278:35    - Unknown word (Quickstart)        -- PowerShell Provider Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:279:52    - Unknown word (quickstart)        -- powershell-provider-quickstart.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:301:28    - Unknown word (accessdbprovidersample) -- href: provider/accessdbprovidersample01.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:303:28    - Unknown word (accessdbprovidersample) -- href: provider/accessdbprovidersample02.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:305:28    - Unknown word (accessdbprovidersample) -- href: provider/accessdbprovidersample03.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:307:28    - Unknown word (accessdbprovidersample) -- href: provider/accessdbprovidersample04.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:309:28    - Unknown word (accessdbprovidersample) -- href: provider/accessdbprovidersample05.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:314:31    - Unknown word (Quickstart)             -- name: PowerShell Host Quickstart
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:315:47    - Unknown word (quickstart)             -- windows-powershell-host-quickstart.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:320:39    - Unknown word (initialsessionstate)    -- hosting/creating-an-initialsessionstate.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:385:31    - Unknown word (remoterunspace)         -- href: hosting/remoterunspace01-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:387:31    - Unknown word (remoterunspacepool)     -- href: hosting/remoterunspacepool01-sample.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:423:36    - Unknown word (groupby)                -- href: format/wide-view-groupby.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:429:36    - Unknown word (groupby)                -- href: format/list-view-groupby.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:441:30    - Unknown word (customcontrol)          -- href: format/customcontrol-element-for-control
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:444:34    - Unknown word (customentries)          -- href: format/customentries-element-for-customcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:444:60    - Unknown word (customcontrol)          -- customentries-element-for-customcontrol-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:446:34    - Unknown word (customentry)            -- href: format/customentry-element-for-customcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:446:58    - Unknown word (customcontrol)          -- customentry-element-for-customcontrol-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:449:38    - Unknown word (customitem)             -- href: format/customitem-element-for-customentry
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:449:61    - Unknown word (customentry)            -- customitem-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:452:42    - Unknown word (expressionbinding)      -- href: format/expressionbinding-element-for-customitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:452:72    - Unknown word (customitem)             -- expressionbinding-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:455:46    - Unknown word (customcontrolname)      -- href: format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:455:76    - Unknown word (expressionbinding)      -- customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:457:46    - Unknown word (enumeratecollection)    -- href: format/enumeratecollection-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:457:78    - Unknown word (expressionbinding)      -- umeratecollection-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:459:46    - Unknown word (itemselectioncondition) -- href: format/itemselectioncondition-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:459:81    - Unknown word (expressionbinding)      -- electioncondition-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:462:50    - Unknown word (propertyname)           -- href: format/propertyname-element-for-itemselectioncond
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:462:75    - Unknown word (itemselectioncondition) -- propertyname-element-for-itemselectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:464:78    - Unknown word (Selectioncondition)     -- scriptblock-element-for-itemSelectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:466:46    - Unknown word (propertyname)           -- href: format/propertyname-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:466:71    - Unknown word (expressionbinding)      -- propertyname-element-for-expressionbinding-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:470:60    - Unknown word (customitem)             -- format/frame-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:473:46    - Unknown word (firstlinehanging)       -- href: format/firstlinehanging-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:475:46    - Unknown word (firstlineindent)        -- href: format/firstlineindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:477:46    - Unknown word (leftindent)             -- href: format/leftindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:479:46    - Unknown word (rightindent)            -- href: format/rightindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:481:62    - Unknown word (customitem)             -- newline-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:483:59    - Unknown word (customitem)             -- format/text-element-for-customitem-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:485:38    - Unknown word (entryselectedby)        -- href: format/entryselectedby-element-for-customentry
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:485:66    - Unknown word (customentry)            -- entryselectedby-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:488:42    - Unknown word (selectioncondition)     -- href: format/selectioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:488:73    - Unknown word (entryselectedby)        -- electioncondition-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:491:46    - Unknown word (propertyname)           -- href: format/propertyname-element-for-selectionconditio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:491:71    - Unknown word (selectioncondition)     -- propertyname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:493:70    - Unknown word (selectioncondition)     -- scriptblock-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:495:46    - Unknown word (selectionsetname)       -- href: format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectionconditio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:495:75    - Unknown word (selectioncondition)     -- selectionsetname-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:497:67    - Unknown word (selectioncondition)     -- typename-element-for-selectioncondition-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:499:42    - Unknown word (selectionsetname)       -- href: format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:499:71    - Unknown word (entryselectedby)        -- selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:501:63    - Unknown word (entryselectedby)        -- typename-element-for-entryselectedby-for-controls-for-configuratio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:505:26    - Unknown word (defaultsettings)        -- href: format/defaultsettings-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:508:30    - Unknown word (displayerror)           -- href: format/displayerror-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:510:30    - Unknown word (enumerableexpansions)   -- href: format/enumerableexpansions-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:513:34    - Unknown word (enumerableexpansion)    -- href: format/enumerableexpansion-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:515:34    - Unknown word (entryselectedby)        -- href: format/entryselectedby-element-for-enumerableexpansi
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:515:62    - Unknown word (enumerableexpansion)    -- entryselectedby-element-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:518:89    - Unknown word (enumerableexpansion)    -- entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:521:42    - Unknown word (propertyname)           -- href: format/propertyname-element-for-selectionconditio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:525:114   - Unknown word (enumerableexpansion)    -- entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:525:42    - Unknown word (selectionsetname)       -- href: format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectionconditio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:527:106   - Unknown word (enumerableexpansion)    -- entryselectedby-for-enumerableexpansion-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:529:38    - Unknown word (selectionsetname)       -- href: format/selectionsetname-element-for-entryselectedby
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:535:30    - Unknown word (propertycountfortable)  -- href: format/propertycountfortable-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:537:30    - Unknown word (showerror)              -- href: format/showerror-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:539:30    - Unknown word (wraptables)             -- href: format/wraptables-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:541:26    - Unknown word (selectionsets)          -- href: format/selectionsets-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:544:30    - Unknown word (selectionset)           -- href: format/selectionset-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:546:47    - Unknown word (selectionset)           -- format/name-element-for-selectionset-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:548:48    - Unknown word (selectionset)           -- format/types-element-for-selectionset-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:553:26    - Unknown word (viewdefinitions)        -- href: format/viewdefinitions-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:563:34    - Unknown word (customcontrol)          -- href: format/customcontrol-element-for-control
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:566:38    - Unknown word (customentries)          -- href: format/customentries-element-for-customcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:566:64    - Unknown word (customcontrol)          -- customentries-element-for-customcontrol-for-controls-for-view
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:568:38    - Unknown word (customentry)           -- href: format/customentry-element-for-customentries
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:568:62    - Unknown word (customentries)         -- customentry-element-for-customentries-for-controls-for-view
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:571:65    - Unknown word (customentry)           -- customitem-element-for-customentry-for-controls-for-view
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:577:50    - Unknown word (customcontrolname)     -- href: format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:579:50    - Unknown word (enumeratecollection)   -- href: format/enumeratecollection-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:581:50    - Unknown word (itemselectioncondition) -- href: format/itemselectioncondition-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:584:54    - Unknown word (propertyname)           -- href: format/propertyname-element-for-itemselectioncond
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:584:79    - Unknown word (itemselectioncondition) -- propertyname-element-for-itemselectioncondition-for-controls-for-view
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:586:78    - Unknown word (itemselectioncondition) -- scriptblock-element-for-itemselectioncondition-for-controls-for-view
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:595:50    - Unknown word (firstlinehanging)       -- href: format/firstlinehanging-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:597:50    - Unknown word (firstlineindent)        -- href: format/firstlineindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:599:50    - Unknown word (leftindent)             -- href: format/leftindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:601:50    - Unknown word (rightindent)            -- href: format/rightindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:617:50    - Unknown word (selectionsetname)       -- href: format/selectionsetname-element-for-selectionconditio
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:630:34    - Unknown word (customentries)          -- href: format/customentries-element-for-customcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:632:58    - Unknown word (customentries)          -- customentry-element-for-customentries-for-customcontrol-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:641:46    - Unknown word (customcontrolname)      -- href: format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:643:46    - Unknown word (enumeratecollection)    -- href: format/enumeratecollection-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:659:46    - Unknown word (firstlinehanging)       -- href: format/firstlinehanging-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:661:46    - Unknown word (firstlineindent)        -- href: format/firstlineindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:663:46    - Unknown word (leftindent)             -- href: format/leftindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:665:46    - Unknown word (rightindent)            -- href: format/rightindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:669:74    - Unknown word (customview)             -- element-for-customitem-for-customview-for-view-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:689:30    - Unknown word (groupby)                -- href: format/groupby-element-for-view-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:692:60    - Unknown word (groupby)                -- customcontrol-element-for-groupby-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:695:82    - Unknown word (groupby)                -- for-customcontrol-for-groupby-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:706:50    - Unknown word (customcontrolname)      -- href: format/customcontrolname-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:708:50    - Unknown word (enumeratecollection)    -- href: format/enumeratecollection-element-for-expressionbinding
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:724:50    - Unknown word (firstlinehanging)       -- href: format/firstlinehanging-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:726:50    - Unknown word (firstlineindent)        -- href: format/firstlineindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:728:50    - Unknown word (leftindent)             -- href: format/leftindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:730:50    - Unknown word (rightindent)            -- href: format/rightindent-element-for-frame-for
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:754:34    - Unknown word (customcontrolname)      -- href: format/customcontrolname-element-for-groupby
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:762:30    - Unknown word (listcontrol)            -- href: format/listcontrol-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:765:34    - Unknown word (listentries)            -- href: format/listentries-element-for-listcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:765:58    - Unknown word (listcontrol)            -- listentries-element-for-listcontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:767:34    - Unknown word (listentry)              -- href: format/listentry-element-for-listcontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:767:56    - Unknown word (listcontrol)            -- listentry-element-for-listcontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:770:66    - Unknown word (listentry)              -- entryselectedby-element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:770:80    - Unknown word (listcontrol)            -- element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:773:93    - Unknown word (listcontrol)            -- entryselectedby-for-listcontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:780:118   - Unknown word (listentry)              -- entryselectedby-for-listentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:788:38    - Unknown word (listitems)              -- href: format/listitems-element-for-listentry
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:788:60    - Unknown word (listentry)              -- listitems-element-for-listentry-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:791:42    - Unknown word (formatstring)           -- href: format/formatstring-element-for-listitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:791:67    - Unknown word (listitem)               -- formatstring-element-for-listitem-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:793:77    - Unknown word (listitem)               -- electioncondition-element-for-listitem-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:800:60    - Unknown word (listitem)               -- format/label-element-for-listitem-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:802:42    - Unknown word (listitem)               -- href: format/listitem-element-for-listitems
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:802:63    - Unknown word (listitems)              -- listitem-element-for-listitems-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:805:71    - Unknown word (listitem)               -- propertyname-element-for-listitem-for-listcontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:811:30    - Unknown word (outofband)              -- href: format/outofband-element-for-view-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:813:30    - Unknown word (tablecontrol)           -- href: format/tablecontrol-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:816:34    - Unknown word (autosize)               -- href: format/autosize-element-for-tablecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:816:55    - Unknown word (tablecontrol)           -- autosize-element-for-tablecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:818:34    - Unknown word (hidetableheaders)      -- href: format/hidetableheaders-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:820:34    - Unknown word (tableheaders)          -- href: format/tableheaders-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:823:38    - Unknown word (tablecolumnheader)     -- href: format/tablecolumnheader-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:825:60    - Unknown word (tablecolumnheader)     -- alignment-element-for-tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:825:82    - Unknown word (tablecontrol)          -- tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:827:56    - Unknown word (tablecolumnheader)     -- format/label-element-for-tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:827:78    - Unknown word (tablecontrol)          -- tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:829:56    - Unknown word (tablecolumnheader)     -- format/width-element-for-tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:829:78    - Unknown word (tablecontrol)          -- tablecolumnheader-for-tablecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:831:34    - Unknown word (tablerowentries)       -- href: format/tablerowentries-element-for-tablecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:834:38    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitems)      -- href: format/tablecolumnitems-element-for-tablerowentry
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:834:67    - Unknown word (tablerowentry)         -- tablecolumnitems-element-for-tablerowentry-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:837:42    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitem)       -- href: format/tablecolumnitem-element-for-tablecolumnitems
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:837:70    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitems)      -- tablecolumnitem-element-for-tablecolumnitems-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:839:64    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitem)       -- alignment-element-for-tablecolumnitem-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:841:42    - Unknown word (formatstring)          -- href: format/formatstring-element-for-tablecolumnitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:841:67    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitem)       -- formatstring-element-for-tablecolumnitem-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:843:67    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitem)       -- propertyname-element-for-tablecolumnitem-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:845:66    - Unknown word (tablecolumnitem)       -- scriptblock-element-for-tablecolumnitem-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:847:38    - Unknown word (tablerowentry)         -- href: format/tablerowentry-element-for-tablerowentries
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:847:64    - Unknown word (tablerowentries)       -- tablerowentry-element-for-tablerowentries-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:84:30     - Unknown word (outputtype) -- href: cmdlet/outputtype-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:850:70    - Unknown word (tablerowentry)         -- entryselectedby-element-for-tablerowentry-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:855:114   - Unknown word (tablerowentry)         -- entryselectedby-for-tablerowentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:867:55    - Unknown word (tablerowentry)         -- format/wrap-element-for-tablerowentry-for-tablecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:869:30    - Unknown word (viewselectedby)        -- href: format/viewselectedby-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:872:63    - Unknown word (viewselectedby)        -- selectionsetname-element-for-viewselectedby-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:874:55    - Unknown word (viewselectedby)        -- typename-element-for-viewselectedby-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:876:30    - Unknown word (widecontrol)           -- href: format/widecontrol-element-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:879:34    - Unknown word (autosize)              -- href: format/autosize-element-for-widecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:879:55    - Unknown word (widecontrol)           -- autosize-element-for-widecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:881:34    - Unknown word (columnnumber)          -- href: format/columnnumber-element-for-widecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:881:59    - Unknown word (widecontrol)           -- columnnumber-element-for-widecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:883:34    - Unknown word (wideentries)           -- href: format/wideentries-element-for-widecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:883:58    - Unknown word (widecontrol)           -- wideentries-element-for-widecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:886:38    - Unknown word (wideentry)             -- href: format/wideentry-element-for-widecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:886:60    - Unknown word (widecontrol)           -- wideentry-element-for-widecontrol-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:888:66    - Unknown word (wideentry)             -- entryselectedby-element-for-wideentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:88:30     - Unknown word (validatecount) -- href: cmdlet/validatecount-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:894:114   - Unknown word (wideentry)             -- entryselectedby-for-wideentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:898:118   - Unknown word (wideentry)             -- entryselectedby-for-wideentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:902:83    - Unknown word (wideentry)             -- entryselectedby-for-wideentry-format.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:906:38    - Unknown word (wideitem)              -- href: format/wideitem-element-for-widecontrol
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:909:42    - Unknown word (formatstring)          -- href: format/formatstring-element-for-wideitem
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:909:67    - Unknown word (wideitem)              -- formatstring-element-for-wideitem-for-widecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:90:30     - Unknown word (validatelength) -- href: cmdlet/validatelength-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:911:67    - Unknown word (wideitem)              -- propertyname-element-for-wideitem-for-widecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:913:66    - Unknown word (wideitem)              -- scriptblock-element-for-wideitem-for-widecontrol-format
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:92:30     - Unknown word (validatepattern) -- href: cmdlet/validatepattern-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:94:30     - Unknown word (validaterange)   -- href: cmdlet/validaterange-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:96:30     - Unknown word (validatescript)  -- href: cmdlet/validatescript-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:976:48    - Unknown word (helpinfo)              -- help/how-to-create-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:979:36    - Unknown word (helpinfo)              -- href: help/helpinfo-xml-schema.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:981:36    - Unknown word (helpinfo)              -- href: help/helpinfo-xml-sample-file.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:983:50    - Unknown word (helpinfo)              -- help/how-to-name-a-helpinfo-xml-file.md
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:985:47    - Unknown word (helpinfo)             -- href: help/how-to-set-helpinfo-xml-version-numbers
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/toc.yml:98:30     - Unknown word (validateset)     -- href: cmdlet/validateset-attribute-declaration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/windows-powershell-reference-whats-new.md:35:26     - Unknown word (mshshort)   -- commands provided by mshshort, and a configuration
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/windows-powershell-reference.md:59:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletprovider) -- Automation.Provider.Cmdletprovider](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/developer/windows-powershell-reference.md:72:40     - Unknown word (Cmdletmetadataattribute) -- Automation.Internal.Cmdletmetadataattribute](/dotnet/api/System
reference/docs-conceptual/dsc/overview.md:26:3      - Unknown word (Automanage) -- Automanage.
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:129:30    - Unknown word (OPENPOWERSHELL) -- EXPLORER_CONTEXT_MENU_OPENPOWERSHELL` - This property controls
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:131:26    - Unknown word (RUNPOWERSHELL)  -- ADD_FILE_CONTEXT_MENU_RUNPOWERSHELL` - This property controls
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:133:11    - Unknown word (PSREMOTING)     -- - `ENABLE_PSREMOTING` - This property controls
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:141:4     - Unknown word (INSTALLFOLDER)  -- - `INSTALLFOLDER` - This property controls
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:150:123   - Unknown word (RUNPOWERSHELL)  -- ADD_FILE_CONTEXT_MENU_RUNPOWERSHELL=1 ENABLE_PSREMOTING
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:150:146   - Unknown word (PSREMOTING)     -- RUNPOWERSHELL=1 ENABLE_PSREMOTING=1 REGISTER_MANIFEST
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:150:84    - Unknown word (OPENPOWERSHELL) -- EXPLORER_CONTEXT_MENU_OPENPOWERSHELL=1 ADD_FILE_CONTEXT_MENU
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:275:2     - Unknown word (deviceip)       -- $deviceip = '<device ip address
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:276:2     - Unknown word (zipfile)        -- $zipfile = 'PowerShell-7.4.4
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:277:2     - Unknown word (downloadfolder) -- $downloadfolder = 'u:\users\administrator
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:281:54    - Unknown word (deviceip)       -- Client\TrustedHosts $deviceip
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:284:12    - Unknown word (zipfile)        -- Copy-Item $zipfile -Destination $downloadfolder
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:284:34    - Unknown word (downloadfolder) -- zipfile -Destination $downloadfolder -ToSession $S
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:314:28    - Unknown word (workarea)       -- include the package in the workarea and add _OPENSRC_POWERSHELL
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:314:46    - Unknown word (OPENSRC)        -- the workarea and add _OPENSRC_POWERSHELL_ feature
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:351:2     - Unknown word (ipaddr)         -- $ipaddr = '<Nano Server IP address
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:353:2     - Unknown word (zipfile)        -- $zipfile = 'PowerShell-7.4.4
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:355:41    - Unknown word (ipaddr)         -- PSSession -ComputerName $ipaddr -Credential $credential
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell-on-Windows.md:357:12    - Unknown word (zipfile)        -- Copy-Item $zipfile c:\ -ToSession $session
reference/docs-conceptual/install/Installing-PowerShell.yml:12:110    - Unknown word (quickstart) -- learn | overview | quickstart | reference | sample
reference/docs-conceptual/install/community-support.md:89:35     - Unknown word (libunwind)  -- install jq libssl1.1 libunwind8 -y
reference/docs-conceptual/install/community-support.md:95:8      - Unknown word (getconf)    -- bits=$(getconf LONG_BIT)
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:34:13     - Unknown word (terminfo)   -- ncurses-terminfo-base \
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:36:5      - Unknown word (libgcc)     -- libgcc \
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:37:5      - Unknown word (libintl)    -- libintl \
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:39:5      - Unknown word (libstdc)    -- libstdc++ \
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:40:5      - Unknown word (tzdata)     -- tzdata \
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-alpine.md:47:5      - Unknown word (lttng)      -- lttng-ust
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-rhel.md:39:6      - Unknown word (majorver)   -- then majorver=7
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-rhel.md:41:6      - Unknown word (majorver)   -- then majorver=8
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-rhel.md:42:6      - Unknown word (majorver)   -- else majorver=9
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-rhel.md:55:15     - Unknown word (majorver)   -- if [ $(bc<<<"$majorver < 8") ]
reference/docs-conceptual/install/install-ubuntu.md:66:16     - Unknown word (preconfigured) -- > Ubuntu comes preconfigured with a package repository
reference/docs-conceptual/install/microsoft-update-faq.yml:43:37     - Unknown word (lifecycles) -- information about support lifecycles, see
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-02.md:366:2     - Unknown word (végösszeg)  -- $végösszeg # Hungarian
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-02.md:367:2     - Unknown word (итог)       -- $итог # Russian
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-02.md:371:13    - Unknown word (twhite)     -- ${Name with`twhite space and `{punctuation
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-02.md:960:10    - Unknown word (tcolumn)    -- "column1`tcolumn2`nsecond line, `"Hello
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-02.md:960:19    - Unknown word (nsecond)    -- "column1`tcolumn2`nsecond line, `"Hello`", ``
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-03.md:688:42    - Unknown word (wmisearcher) -- where `T` is `regex`, `wmisearcher`, `wmi`, `wmiclass`
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-03.md:688:64    - Unknown word (wmiclass)    -- wmisearcher`, `wmi`, `wmiclass`, `adsi`, `adsisearcher
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-03.md:688:84    - Unknown word (adsisearcher) -- wmiclass`, `adsi`, `adsisearcher`, or
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-04.md:1210:35   - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- chapter-12.md#1235-the-cmdletbinding-attribute
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-04.md:1211:35   - Unknown word (outputtype)    -- chapter-12.md#1236-the-outputtype-attribute
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-05.md:174:47    - Unknown word (ints)       -- constrains $i to designating ints only
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-06.md:315:6     - Unknown word (Convertable) -- - **IConvertable**: `System.Convert.ChangeType
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1061:14   - Unknown word (tblue)      -- -split " red`tblue`ngreen " # 3 strings
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1061:20   - Unknown word (ngreen)     -- -split " red`tblue`ngreen " # 3 strings: "red
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1196:75   - Unknown word (Formattable) -- see the type `System.IFormattable` in
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:137:19    - Unknown word (ints)       -- are an array of 2 ints and the scalar int
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1388:24   - Unknown word (redblue)     -- red" + "blue"      # "redblue"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1672:15   - Unknown word (aeiou)       -- "He" -like "h[aeiou]?*" # False
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1676:17   - Unknown word (abcgh)       -- "abc","abbcde","abcgh" -like "abc*"  # object
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1676:8    - Unknown word (abbcde)      -- "abc","abbcde","abcgh" -like "abc
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1677:12   - Unknown word (abcgh)       -- "abc" and "abcgh"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1706:25   - Unknown word (submatches)  -- These operators support submatches ([§7.8.4.6][§7.8.4.
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1719:16   - Unknown word (aeiou)       -- "He" -match "h[aeiou]." #
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1720:17   - Unknown word (abcgh)       -- "abc","abbcde","abcgh" -match "abc.*"  # Length
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1720:70   - Unknown word (abcgh)       -- is 2, values "abc", "abcgh"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1720:8    - Unknown word (abbcde)      -- "abc","abbcde","abcgh" -match "abc
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1752:24   - Unknown word (submatches)  -- This operator supports submatches ([§7.8.4.6][§7.8.4.
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1757:53   - Unknown word (ogous)       -- "a","*" # "*n*logous","*n *pple"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1758:25   - Unknown word (aeiou)       -- Analogous" -creplace "[aeiou]","?" # "An
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1760:24   - Unknown word (aeiou)       -- Analogous" -replace "[aeiou]",'$&$&' # "AAnaaloogo
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1760:50   - Unknown word (Anaaloogoouus) -- ",'$&$&' # "AAnaaloogoouus"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1851:72   - Unknown word (csplit)        -- matching, even if `-csplit` is used.
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1870:13   - Unknown word (csplit)        -- "10X20x30" -csplit "X", 0, "SimpleMatch
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1872:22   - Unknown word (AEIOU)         -- analogous" -split "[AEIOU]", 0, "RegexMatch, IgnoreCase
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1876:68   - Unknown word (gous)          -- strings: "" "n" "l" "gous"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1879:14   - Unknown word (Submatches)    -- #### 7.8.4.6 Submatches
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1882:2    - Unknown word (submatches)    -- _submatches_) delimited by parentheses
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1889:50   - Unknown word (submatch)      -- the whole pattern is a submatch:
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1894:64   - Unknown word (submatch)      -- exactly matched the submatch.
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1900:21   - Unknown word (submatches)    -- This pattern allows submatches of "re", "r", "d", or
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:1906:64   - Unknown word (submatches)    -- text can access the submatches via names of the form
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:2105:2    - Unknown word (hypot)         -- $hypot = [Math]::Sqrt(3*3
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:2165:57   - Unknown word (abababab)      -- replicate ab 4 times giving abababab
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:315:15    - Unknown word (Zabc)       -- $b = "abc#$%XYZabc"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-07.md:967:28    - Unknown word (dashdash)   -- patterns matching the _dashdash_ pattern in [§7.2][
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1175:42   - Unknown word (supportedcommand) -- identified via the **supportedcommand** parameter
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1198:29   - Unknown word (stringdata)       -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @'
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1214:29   - Unknown word (stringdata)       -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1215:16   - Unknown word (Guten)            -- Greeting = Guten Tag
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1217:10   - Unknown word (nein)             -- No = nein
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1222:29   - Unknown word (stringdata)       -- ConvertFrom-StringData -stringdata @"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1223:23   - Unknown word (días)             -- Greeting = Buenos días
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1379:11   - Unknown word (abcabc)           -- Find-Str "abcabc" # 2nd argument omitted
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1380:11   - Unknown word (abcabc)           -- Find-Str "abcabc" 2 # 2nd argument present
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1469:45   - Unknown word (pset)             -- ParameterSetName = 'pset1'
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1608:14   - Unknown word (Hypot)            -- function Get-Hypot ([double]$side1, [double
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1653:36   - Unknown word (Setname)          -- CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetname = "SetB")]
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1654:45   - Unknown word (Setname)          -- Position = 0, ParameterSetname = "SetA")]
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1656:43   - Unknown word (Setname)          -- Position = 0, ParameterSetname = "SetB")]
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:1696:30   - Unknown word (tryfinally)       -- chapter-08.md#87-the-tryfinally-statement
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:250:1     - Unknown word (echoargs)   -- echoargs.exe --% "%path%" #
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:293:83    - Unknown word (linenumber) -- | Format-Table path,linenumber -AutoSize
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:848:26    - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- switch-parameter* `-casesensitive` makes the comparison
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:860:22    - Unknown word (rege)          -- example, `‑regex`, `‑rege`, `‑reg`, `‑re`, and
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:889:15    - Unknown word (nghi)          -- $s = "ABC def`nghi`tjkl`fmno @#$"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:889:20    - Unknown word (tjkl)          -- $s = "ABC def`nghi`tjkl`fmno @#$"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:889:25    - Unknown word (fmno)          -- "ABC def`nghi`tjkl`fmno @#$"
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-08.md:908:16    - Unknown word (casesensitive) -- switch -regex -casesensitive ("abc") {
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-09.md:207:55    - Unknown word (ints)       -- element is an array of 2 ints
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-11.md:78:29     - Unknown word (Modulepath) -- PSModulepath = $Env:PSModulepath + ";<additional-path
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-11.md:78:9      - Unknown word (Modulepath) -- `$Env:PSModulepath = $Env:PSModulepath
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-12.md:791:35    - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- chapter-12.md#1235-the-cmdletbinding-attribute
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-12.md:794:32    - Unknown word (regularexpressionoption) -- chapter-04.md#4264-regularexpressionoption-type
reference/docs-conceptual/lang-spec/chapter-13.md:55:35     - Unknown word (cmdletbinding) -- chapter-12.md#1235-the-cmdletbinding-attribute
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:10:94     - Unknown word (joshduffney) -- the blog written by [@joshduffney][@joshduffney]. This
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:12:55     - Unknown word (duffney)     -- check out his blog at [duffney.io][duffney.io].
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:168:54    - Unknown word (duffney)     -- remoteKeyParams -Credential duffney
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:176:31    - Unknown word (mgmt)        -- Install-WindowsFeature web-mgmt-tools` if required.
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:191:64    - Unknown word (duffney)     -- Automation.PSCredential ("duffney", $password)
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:336:21    - Unknown word (duffney)     -- ArgumentList = 'duffney',('P@ssw0rd' | ConvertTo
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/add-credentials-to-powershell-functions.md:3:28      - Unknown word (Duffney)    -- custom: contributor-JoshDuffney
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:1002:2    - Unknown word (mylist)     -- $mylist = [System.Collections
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:1072:7    - Unknown word (Kraus)      -- [Mark Kraus][07] put together.
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:288:5     - Unknown word (Dailey)     -- Lee Dailey also pointed out to
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:418:10    - Unknown word (Tock)       -- 'Tock'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:422:10    - Unknown word (Tock)       -- 'Tock'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:638:33    - Unknown word (Dailey)     -- clever trick that Lee Dailey pointed out to me. If
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:964:2     - Unknown word (myarray)    -- $myarray = [System.Collections
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:990:2     - Unknown word (mylist)     -- $mylist = [System.Collections
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-arrays.md:996:2     - Unknown word (mylist)     -- $mylist = [System.Collections
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:194:43    - Unknown word (filefound)  -- ReadAllText( '\\test\no\filefound.log')
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:228:33    - Unknown word (throwerror) -- : C:\blog\throwerror.ps1
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:230:36    - Unknown word (throwerror) -- ionMessage : At C:\blog\throwerror.ps1:5 char:5
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:234:33    - Unknown word (throwerror) -- CommandPath : C:\blog\throwerror.ps1
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:248:26    - Unknown word (throwerror) -- Get-Resource, C:\blog\throwerror.ps1: line 13
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:249:29    - Unknown word (throwerror) -- Start-Something, C:\blog\throwerror.ps1: line 5
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:361:11    - Unknown word (Redditor)   -- Thank you Redditor `u/Sheppard_Ra` for
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:518:8     - Unknown word (Dhami)      -- Dexter Dhami pointed out that I can
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-exceptions.md:98:18     - Unknown word (Dailey)     -- Thank you to Lee Dailey for reminding about
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:145:6     - Unknown word (Multiselection) -- #### Multiselection
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:222:35    - Unknown word (Kraus)          -- Thank you to [Mark Kraus](https://get-PowerShellblog
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:469:143   - Unknown word (testlab)        -- Description 'Network for testlab A' -LeaseDuration (New
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:482:34    - Unknown word (testlab)        -- Description = 'Network for testlab A'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:540:32    - Unknown word (testlab)        -- Description = 'Network for testlab A'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:543:9     - Unknown word (Serverv)        -- Add-DhcpServerv4Scope @DHCPScope @Common
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:553:20    - Unknown word (logfile)        -- $log = @{Path = '.\logfile.log'}
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:559:77    - Unknown word (Robocopy)       -- param:value` syntax. `Robocopy.exe`, for
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:563:2     - Unknown word (robo)           -- $robo = @{R=1;W=1;MT=8}
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:564:1     - Unknown word (robocopy)       -- robocopy source destination
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:564:30    - Unknown word (robo)           -- source destination @robo
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-hashtable.md:931:10    - Unknown word (Sorens)         -- [Michael Sorens][Michael Sorens].
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-if.md:316:5     - Unknown word (inotin)     -- - `-inotin` case-insensitive not
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-if.md:317:5     - Unknown word (cnotin)     -- - `-cnotin` case-sensitive not
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-if.md:452:40    - Unknown word (Prasoon)    -- add this one until [Prasoon Karunan V][Prasoon Karunan
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-if.md:452:48    - Unknown word (Karunan)    -- this one until [Prasoon Karunan V][Prasoon Karunan V
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-if.md:618:8     - Unknown word (accountname) -- '--accountname', $Endpoint
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:146:10    - Unknown word (tostring)   -- + $value.tostring()
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:189:61    - Unknown word (Jessen)     -- to `$true`. Mathias Jessen (@IISResetMe) has a
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:198:29    - Unknown word (myscript)   -- Invoke-ScriptAnalyzer ./myscript.ps1
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:205:34    - Unknown word (Analyser)   -- Code uses the PSScriptAnalyser rules too, it also highlights
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:321:6     - Unknown word (containempty) -- PS> $containempty = @( @() )
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:322:6     - Unknown word (containnothing) -- PS> $containnothing = @($nothing)
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:323:6     - Unknown word (containnull)    -- PS> $containnull = @($null)
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:325:6     - Unknown word (containempty)   -- PS> $containempty.count
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:327:6     - Unknown word (containnothing) -- PS> $containnothing.count
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:329:6     - Unknown word (containnull)    -- PS> $containnull.count
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-null.md:466:24    - Unknown word (kevmar)         -- userList = Get-ADUser kevmar
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:129:2     - Unknown word (myobject)   -- $myobject.psobject.properties
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:166:24    - Unknown word (myobject)   -- foreach( $property in $myobject.psobject.properties
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:184:6     - Unknown word (myobject)   -- if( $myobject.psobject.properties
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:209:20    - Unknown word (myobject)   -- InputObject = $myobject
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:273:51    - Unknown word (Redditor)   -- way to do this from Redditor `u/markekraus`. He talks
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-pscustomobject.md:273:63    - Unknown word (markekraus) -- this from Redditor `u/markekraus`. He talks about this
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:38:51     - Unknown word (importantfile) -- 9 AM              0 importantfile.txt
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:39:51     - Unknown word (myfile)        -- 8 AM              0 myfile1.txt
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:40:51     - Unknown word (myfile)        -- 9 AM              0 myfile2.txt
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:42:33     - Unknown word (myfile)        -- Remove-Item -Path .\myfile1.txt -WhatIf
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:43:68     - Unknown word (myfile)        -- on target "C:\Temp\myfile1.txt".
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:51:68     - Unknown word (myfile)        -- on target "C:\Temp\myfile1.txt".
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md:53:68     - Unknown word (importantfile) -- on target "C:\Temp\importantfile.txt".
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-string-substitutions.md:237:11    - Unknown word (Redditor)   -- Thank you Redditor `u/real_parbold` for
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-string-substitutions.md:237:28    - Unknown word (parbold)    -- you Redditor `u/real_parbold` for that one.
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-string-substitutions.md:308:19    - Unknown word (Kraus)      -- $nameList = 'Mark Kraus','Kevin Marquette',
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-string-substitutions.md:308:49    - Unknown word (Dailey)     -- Kevin Marquette','Lee Dailey'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-string-substitutions.md:315:29    - Unknown word (Kraus)      -- have to thank [Mark Kraus][02] for this suggestion
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-switch.md:430:2     - Unknown word (filelist)   -- :filelist foreach($path in $logs
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-switch.md:437:19    - Unknown word (filelist)   -- break filelist
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/deep-dives/everything-about-switch.md:649:5     - Unknown word (Dailey)     -- Lee Dailey pointed out that we
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md:230:4     - Unknown word (cscript)    -- - `cscript.exe`
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md:231:4     - Unknown word (wscript)    -- - `wscript.exe`
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md:255:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)   -- PS> TestExe -echoargs $a 'c" "d' e" "f
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md:264:16    - Unknown word (echoargs)   -- PS> TestExe -echoargs '' a b ''
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/00-introduction.md:19:62     - Unknown word (Leanpub)      -- the original book from Leanpub at
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/00-introduction.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/00-introduction.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/00-introduction.md:69:5      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- at [mikefrobbins.com][mikefrobbins-com
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/00-introduction.md:70:3      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- [@mikefrobbins][mikefrobbins-x].
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/01-getting-started.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/01-getting-started.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/02-help-system.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/02-help-system.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/03-discovering-objects.md:253:32    - Unknown word (SMSS)         -- Server Management Studio (SMSS)][SMSS]. No corresponding
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/03-discovering-objects.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/03-discovering-objects.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/04-pipelines.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/04-pipelines.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/05-formatting-aliases-providers-comparison.md:13:59     - Unknown word (SSMS)         -- Server Management Studio (SSMS)][SSMS]. It's also used
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/05-formatting-aliases-providers-comparison.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/05-formatting-aliases-providers-comparison.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/06-flow-control.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/06-flow-control.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:256:31    - Unknown word (DCOM)         -- WMI cmdlets use the DCOM protocol, which is compatible
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:257:1     - Unknown word (DCOM)         -- DCOM is typically blocked
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:258:31    - Unknown word (DCOM)         -- allows you to create a DCOM protocol connection
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:261:73    - Unknown word (DCOM)         -- configured to use the DCOM protocol.
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:263:12    - Unknown word (DCOM)         -- Create the DCOM protocol option using
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:266:40    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- CimSessionOption -Protocol Dcom
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:362:91    - Unknown word (Dcom)         -- Computers with Fallback to Dcom][PowerShell Function
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:69:32     - Unknown word (winmgmts)     -- objWMIService = GetObject("winmgmts:" _
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:76:5      - Unknown word (Wscript)      -- Wscript.Echo "Manufacturer:
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:77:5      - Unknown word (Wscript)      -- Wscript.Echo "Name: " & objBIOS
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:78:5      - Unknown word (Wscript)      -- Wscript.Echo "Serial Number
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:79:47     - Unknown word (SMBIOSBIOS)   -- Version: " & objBIOS.SMBIOSBIOSVersion
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:79:5      - Unknown word (Wscript)      -- Wscript.Echo "SMBIOS Version
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/07-working-with-wmi.md:80:5      - Unknown word (Wscript)      -- Wscript.Echo "Version: " & objBIOS
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/08-powershell-remoting.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/08-powershell-remoting.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/09-functions.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/09-functions.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/09-functions.md:828:15    - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- Twitter: @mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:234:12    - Unknown word (autoloading)  -- The module autoloading feature was introduced
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:235:1     - Unknown word (autoloading)  -- autoloading, a script module needs
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:263:36    - Unknown word (autoloading)  -- last path. For module autoloading to work, the `MyScriptModule
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:304:201   - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- MyScriptModule' -CompanyName 'mikefrobbins.com'
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/10-script-modules.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/appendix-a.md:3:24      - Unknown word (mikefrobbins) -- custom: Contributor-mikefrobbins
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/ps101/appendix-a.md:5:14      - Unknown word (mirobb)       -- ms.reviewer: mirobb
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/shell/tab-completion.md:56:77     - Unknown word (psdf)       -- functions. For example, `i-psdf<tab>` returns
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/shell/using-aliases.md:66:17     - Unknown word (cmpo)       -- Set-Alias -Name cmpo -Value Compare-Object
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/shell/using-keyhandlers.md:185:49    - Unknown word (eastus)     -- eGroupName myRGName -Location eastus -Name myVM`
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/shell/using-keyhandlers.md:188:2     - Unknown word (eastus)     -- `eastus`, `myVM`.
reference/docs-conceptual/learn/shell/using-light-theme.md:148:43    - Unknown word (WCAG)       -- Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 recommends that
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Changing-Computer-State.md:21:1      - Unknown word (rundll)     -- rundll32.exe user32.dll,LockWorkStat
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Changing-Computer-State.md:24:58     - Unknown word (rundll)     -- workstation. It uses `rundll32.exe` to call the
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Changing-Computer-State.md:30:66     - Unknown word (tsshutdn)   -- Terminal Server, use the **tsshutdn.exe** command-line tool
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Changing-Computer-State.md:58:2      - Unknown word (tsshutdn)   -- `tsshutdn.exe` or `shutdown.exe
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Changing-Computer-State.md:59:7      - Unknown word (tsshutdn)   -- from `tsshutdn.exe /?` or `shutdown
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-.NET-and-COM-Objects--New-Object-.md:168:52    - Unknown word (progids)    -- by specifying these progids: **WScript.Shell**,
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:134:4     - Unknown word (Defrag)     -- > `Defrag`, the correct **ProviderName
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:134:64    - Unknown word (Defrag)     -- is `Microsoft-Windows-Defrag`.
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:22:21     - Unknown word (Defrag)     -- **Microsoft-Windows-Defrag** logs:
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:25:64     - Unknown word (defrag)     -- Object Source -Match defrag
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:27:76     - Unknown word (defrag)     -- ProviderName -Match 'defrag' }
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:80:78     - Unknown word (Perflib)    -- field. For example, the Perflib event 1008
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Creating-Get-WinEvent-queries-with-FilterHashtable.md:86:44     - Unknown word (bitsperf)   -- C:\Windows\System32\bitsperf.dll</Data>
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Decode-PowerShell-Command-from-a-Running-Process.md:2:9       - Unknown word (randomnote) -- author: randomnote1
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:159:61    - Unknown word (dmserver)   -- Logical Disk Manager (dmserver)' because
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:26:10     - Unknown word (seclogon)   -- Running seclogon Secondary
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:42:10     - Unknown word (seclogon)   -- Running seclogon Secondary
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:44:10     - Unknown word (wscsvc)     -- Running wscsvc Security
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:88:41     - Unknown word (Redirector) -- SMB 2.0 MiniRedirector
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:89:10     - Unknown word (bowser)     -- Running bowser Bowser
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:89:29     - Unknown word (Bowser)     -- bowser Bowser
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Services.md:90:41     - Unknown word (Redirector) -- SMB 1.x MiniRedirector
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Windows-PowerShell-Drives.md:152:19    - Unknown word (cvkey)      -- New-PSDrive -Name cvkey -PSProvider Registry
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Windows-PowerShell-Drives.md:161:39    - Unknown word (cvkey)      -- change location to the **cvkey:** drive as you would
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Windows-PowerShell-Drives.md:164:4     - Unknown word (cvkey)      -- cd cvkey:
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Windows-PowerShell-Drives.md:170:14    - Unknown word (cvkey)      -- Set-Location cvkey: -PassThru
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Managing-Windows-PowerShell-Drives.md:193:16    - Unknown word (cvkey)      -- To delete the `cvkey:` PowerShell drive,
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Manipulating-Items-Directly.md:190:72    - Unknown word (Passthru)   -- temp -Recurse -Force -Passthru
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Performing-Networking-Tasks.md:271:11    - Unknown word (tempshare)  -- net share tempshare=c:\temp /users:25 /remark
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Performing-Networking-Tasks.md:92:58     - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- following command. The **Autosize** parameter of `Format
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Performing-Networking-Tasks.md:97:61     - Unknown word (Autosize)   -- ResponseTime,StatusCode -Autosize
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Redirecting-Data-with-Out---Cmdlets.md:127:71    - Unknown word (processlist) -- to the file `C:\temp\processlist.txt`:
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Redirecting-Data-with-Out---Cmdlets.md:130:42    - Unknown word (processlist) -- File -FilePath C:\temp\processlist.txt
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Redirecting-Data-with-Out---Cmdlets.md:142:42    - Unknown word (processlist) -- File -FilePath C:\temp\processlist.txt -Encoding ASCII
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Sample-Scripts-for-Administration.yml:17:28     - Unknown word (quickstart) -- overview | quickstart | reference | tutorial
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Sample-Scripts-for-Administration.yml:39:45     - Unknown word (ciminstance) -- getting-wmi-objects--get-ciminstance-.md
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Sample-Scripts-for-Administration.yml:51:55     - Unknown word (filterhashtable) -- winEvent-queries-with-filterhashtable.md
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:117:46    - Unknown word (ocgen)      -- 6:31 PM     204276 ocgen.log
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:118:46    - Unknown word (ocmsn)      -- 6:31 PM      22365 ocmsn.log
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:159:54    - Unknown word (topl)       -- PM 35328 w32topl.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:160:51    - Unknown word (Wldap)      -- 4 PM         401920 Wldap32.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:162:51    - Unknown word (wsnmp)      -- 4 PM          66048 wsnmp32.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:163:51    - Unknown word (wsock)      -- 4 PM          18944 wsock32.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:164:51    - Unknown word (wtsapi)     -- 4 PM          64792 wtsapi32.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:194:46    - Unknown word (zoneoc)     -- 8:00 AM       8261 zoneoc.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:200:46    - Unknown word (zipfldr)    -- 8:00 AM     337920 zipfldr.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:32:46     - Unknown word (actsetup)   -- 11:21 PM       3848 actsetup.log
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:61:48     - Unknown word (Genral)     -- :00 AM    1852416 AcGenral.dll
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:67:72     - Unknown word (Childitem)  -- * parameter of `Get-Childitem`:
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-With-Files-Folders-and-Registry-Keys.md:71:1      - Unknown word (addins)     -- addins
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Files-and-Folders.md:81:41     - Unknown word (xcopy)      -- native commands like `xcopy.exe` and `robocopy.exe
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Files-and-Folders.md:81:57     - Unknown word (robocopy)   -- like `xcopy.exe` and `robocopy.exe` to copy files.
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Printers.md:36:72     - Unknown word (Printserver) -- ddWindowsPrinterConnection("\\Printserver01\Xerox5")
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Printers.md:61:68     - Unknown word (Printserver) -- RemovePrinterConnection("\\Printserver01\Xerox5")
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Entries.md:167:2     - Unknown word (newpath)    -- $newpath = $value.Path += ";C
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Entries.md:168:61    - Unknown word (newpath)    -- nvironment -Name Path -Value $newpath
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Entries.md:186:2     - Unknown word (newpath)    -- $newpath = $value.Path.SubString
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Entries.md:187:38    - Unknown word (newpath)    -- Environment /v Path /d $newpath /f
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Entries.md:251:113   - Unknown word (passthru)   -- werShellPath -NewName PSHome -passthru
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Keys.md:104:37    - Unknown word (regini)     -- including `reg.exe`, `regini.exe`, `regedit.exe`
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Keys.md:104:51    - Unknown word (regedit)    -- exe`, `regini.exe`, `regedit.exe`, and COM objects
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Keys.md:105:49    - Unknown word (WMI's)      -- WScript.Shell** and WMI's **StdRegProv** class
reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Registry-Keys.md:51:3      - Unknown word (regedit)    -- (`regedit.exe`).
reference/docs-conceptual/security/application-control.md:55:1      - Unknown word (wevtutil)   -- wevtutil.exe sl PowerShellCore
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:12:54     - Unknown word (quickstart) -- tutorial | overview | quickstart | reference |
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:82:46     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/overview
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:84:46     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/security-concepts
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:88:46     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/how-to/manage-secretstore
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:88:77     - Unknown word (secretstore)      -- ecretmanagement/how-to/manage-secretstore
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:90:46     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/how-to/using-secrets
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:92:46     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/how-to/using-azure-keyvault
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:92:82     - Unknown word (keyvault)         -- management/how-to/using-azure-keyvault
reference/docs-conceptual/security/overview.yml:98:58     - Unknown word (secretstore)      -- microsoft.powershell.secretstore
reference/docs-conceptual/security/preventing-script-injection.md:104:36    - Unknown word (pwnd)       -- rocessById "$pid; Write-Host 'pwnd!'"
reference/docs-conceptual/security/preventing-script-injection.md:136:36    - Unknown word (pwnd)       -- rocessById "$pid; Write-Host 'pwnd!'"
reference/docs-conceptual/security/preventing-script-injection.md:48:36     - Unknown word (pwnd)       -- rocessById "$pid; Write-Host 'pwnd!'"
reference/docs-conceptual/security/preventing-script-injection.md:52:30     - Unknown word (pwnd)       -- script `Write-Host 'pwnd!'`.
reference/docs-conceptual/security/preventing-script-injection.md:76:36     - Unknown word (pwnd)       -- rocessById "$pid; Write-Host 'pwnd!'"
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:110:20    - Unknown word (Analysing)  -- > [Security Focus: Analysing 'Account is sensitive
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:190:5     - Unknown word (klist)      -- klist purge -li 0x3e7
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:240:57    - Unknown word (alpineskihouse) -- ServerB -Server dc1.alpineskihouse.com
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:257:64    - Unknown word (Entra)          -- Delegation for Microsoft Entra application proxy deployments
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:324:48    - Unknown word (creds)          -- delegation, passing fresh creds
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/PS-remoting-second-hop.md:84:20     - Unknown word (Analysing)  -- > [Security Focus: Analysing 'Account is sensitive
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:114:4     - Unknown word (Pubkey)        -- PubkeyAuthentication yes
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:12:59     - Unknown word (multiplatform) -- platforms and allows true multiplatform PowerShell remoting
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:149:4     - Unknown word (Pubkey)        -- PubkeyAuthentication yes
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:158:40    - Unknown word (sshs)          -- powershell /usr/bin/pwsh -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:158:46    - Unknown word (nologo)        -- usr/bin/pwsh -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:166:66    - Unknown word (nologo)        -- longer need to use the `-nologo` parameter when running
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:205:46    - Unknown word (sshs)          -- usr/local/bin/pwsh -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:205:52    - Unknown word (nologo)        -- local/bin/pwsh -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:219:4     - Unknown word (Pubkey)        -- PubkeyAuthentication yes
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:82:28     - Unknown word (progra)        -- Subsystem powershell c:/progra~1/powershell/7/pwsh
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:82:60     - Unknown word (sshs)          -- powershell/7/pwsh.exe -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:82:66     - Unknown word (nologo)        -- powershell/7/pwsh.exe -sshs -nologo
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:86:66     - Unknown word (nologo)        -- longer need to use the `-nologo` parameter when running
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:90:63     - Unknown word (progra)        -- PowerShell executable is `c:/progra~1/powershell/7/pwsh
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/SSH-Remoting-in-PowerShell.md:97:79     - Unknown word (Progra)        -- Windows is usually `Progra~1`. However,
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/WinRM-Security.md:115:60    - Unknown word (etype)      -- is determined by the `etype` in the TGS ticket.
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/audit-and-report.md:62:10     - Unknown word (psrcpath)   -- $psrcpath = Join-Path -Path $
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/audit-and-report.md:63:24     - Unknown word (psrcpath)   -- if (Test-Path $psrcpath) {
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/audit-and-report.md:64:46     - Unknown word (psrcpath)   -- Get-ChildItem -Path $psrcpath -Filter *.psrc
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/prerequisites.md:103:42    - Unknown word (gpupdate)   -- machines only) Run `gpupdate` or wait for Group Policy
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/register-jea.md:100:25    - Unknown word (myfileshare) -- SourcePath = "\\myfileshare\JEA\ContosoMaintenance
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/register-jea.md:91:69     - Unknown word (myfileshare) -- is located on the `\\myfileshare\JEA` file share.
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:231:27    - Unknown word (unprivilegedjeauser) -- group Administrators unprivilegedjeauser /add`. A more secure
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:287:68    - Unknown word (FQMN)                -- qualified module name (FQMN)
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:294:63    - Unknown word (FQMN)                -- implementation using the FQMN. Any constrained cmdlet
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:303:2     - Unknown word (tabexpansion)        -- `tabexpansion2` in the **VisibleFunctions
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:416:8     - Unknown word (Aand)                -- $mergedAandB = @{
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.md:66:6      - Unknown word (dsadd)      -- - `dsadd.exe`
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/security-considerations.md:216:53    - Unknown word (nonadministrators) -- JEA is that it allows nonadministrators to do some administrative
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/security-considerations.md:62:32     - Unknown word (ACCOUNTNUMBER) -- Virtual Users\WinRM_VA_<ACCOUNTNUMBER>_<DOMAIN>_<sAMAccountName
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:102:37    - Unknown word (GMSA)       -- sessions to use the GMSA in the local computer
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:103:33    - Unknown word (JEAGMSA)    -- sAMAccountName of 'MyJEAGMSA'
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:104:40    - Unknown word (JEAGMSA)    -- gedServiceAccount = 'Domain\MyJEAGMSA'
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:107:1     - Unknown word (GMSAs)      -- GMSAs should only be used
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:109:63    - Unknown word (GMSA)       -- a user when using a GMSA. Every user shares the
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:226:82    - Unknown word (smartcard)  -- management solution, smartcard
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:227:26    - Unknown word (multifactor) -- authentication, or other multifactor authentication solution
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:239:12    - Unknown word (smartcard)   -- # name is "smartcard-logon"
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:240:40    - Unknown word (smartcard)   -- Or = '2FA-logon', 'smartcard-logon' }
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:244:65    - Unknown word (smartcard)   -- Or = '2FA-logon', 'smartcard-logon' }}
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:284:44    - Unknown word (smartcard)   -- Or = '2FA-logon', 'smartcard-logon' }
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:41:22     - Unknown word (exsn)       -- `Exit-PSSession` (`exsn`, `exit`)
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:95:34     - Unknown word (GMSA)       -- managed service account (GMSA) is the appropriate
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:96:192    - Unknown word (GMSA)       -- domain. The rights that a GMSA
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:96:64     - Unknown word (GMSAs)      -- shares and web services. GMSAs give you a domain identity
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/session-configurations.md:99:8      - Unknown word (GMSA)       -- to the GMSA.
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/using-jea.md:171:5     - Unknown word (creds)      -- var creds = // create a
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/using-jea.md:184:5     - Unknown word (creds)      -- creds //
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/using-jea.md:229:63    - Unknown word (Aformy)     -- UserName 'localhost\JEAformyHoster'
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/jea/using-jea.md:229:69    - Unknown word (Hoster)     -- UserName 'localhost\JEAformyHoster'
reference/docs-conceptual/security/remoting/powershell-remoting-faq.yml:415:20    - Unknown word (Wsmprovhost) -- process (Wsmprovhost.exe) on the remote computer
reference/docs-conceptual/security/security-features.md:103:39    - Unknown word (DCOM)       -- Cmdlets that use COM or DCOM internally aren't affected
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:116:57    - Unknown word (shouldprocess) -- dives/everything-about-shouldprocess.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:148:56    - Unknown word (ciminstance)   -- getting-wmi-objects--get-ciminstance-.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:158:66    - Unknown word (filterhashtable) -- winEvent-queries-with-filterhashtable.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:267:63    - Unknown word (objectmodelroot) -- ise/object-model/the-objectmodelroot-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:269:63    - Unknown word (iseaddontoolcollection) -- ise/object-model/the-iseaddontoolcollection-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:271:63    - Unknown word (iseaddontool)           -- ise/object-model/the-iseaddontool-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:273:63    - Unknown word (iseeditor)              -- ise/object-model/the-iseeditor-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:275:63    - Unknown word (isefilecollection)      -- ise/object-model/the-isefilecollection-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:277:63    - Unknown word (isefile)                -- ise/object-model/the-isefile-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:279:63    - Unknown word (isemenuitemcollection)  -- ise/object-model/the-isemenuitemcollection-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:281:63    - Unknown word (isemenuitem)            -- ise/object-model/the-isemenuitem-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:283:63    - Unknown word (iseoptions)             -- ise/object-model/the-iseoptions-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:285:63    - Unknown word (isesnippetcollection)   -- ise/object-model/the-isesnippetcollection-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:287:63    - Unknown word (isesnippetobject)       -- ise/object-model/the-isesnippetobject.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:289:63    - Unknown word (powershelltabcollection) -- ise/object-model/the-powershelltabcollection-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:291:63    - Unknown word (powershelltab)           -- ise/object-model/the-powershelltab-object.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:399:41    - Unknown word (cmdline)                 -- dev-cross-plat/create-cmdline-predictor.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:403:47    - Unknown word (platyps)                 -- powershell/utility-modules/platyps/create-help-using-platyps
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:403:73    - Unknown word (platyps)                 -- platyps/create-help-using-platyps
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:462:46    - Unknown word (thon)                    -- acktoberfest and other hack-a-thon events
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:463:38    - Unknown word (hackathons)              -- community/contributing/hackathons.md
reference/docs-conceptual/toc.yml:90:37     - Unknown word (keyhandlers) -- href: learn/shell/using-keyhandlers.md
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/Migrating-from-Windows-PowerShell-51-to-PowerShell-7.md:133:1     - Unknown word (autoloading) -- autoloading of modules.
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-72.md:129:11    - Unknown word (awakecoding) -- host by awakecoding · Pull Request #146
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-72.md:96:82     - Unknown word (Sazonov)    -- cmdlets (#14513) (Thanks @iSazonov)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:100:12    - Unknown word (eugenesmlv)   -- (Thanks @eugenesmlv!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:106:85    - Unknown word (fflaten)      -- 4][17804]) (Thanks @fflaten!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:108:70    - Unknown word (rkeithhill)        -- 5][17535]) (Thanks @rkeithhill!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:108:9     - Unknown word (noprofileloadtime) -- - Add `-noprofileloadtime` switch to pwsh ([#
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:120:4     - Unknown word (PSAMSI)            -- - `PSAMSIMethodInvocationLogging
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:26:68     - Unknown word (Sazonov)    -- ][16355]) (Thanks @iSazonov!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:69:50     - Unknown word (redirections) -- command expression with redirections ([#16046][16046])
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:73:30     - Unknown word (rkeithhill)   -- 8][16108]) (Thanks @rkeithhill!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:78:30     - Unknown word (Brannen)      -- 2][12802]) (Thanks @BrannenGH!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:85:74     - Unknown word (hayhay)       -- 3][15853]) (Thanks @hayhay27!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:86:83     - Unknown word (farmerau)     -- 3][16193]) (Thanks @farmerau!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:87:85     - Unknown word (Ritchie)      -- 16197]) (Thanks @KevRitchie!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:88:4      - Unknown word (rkeithhill)   -- @rkeithhill!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:90:30     - Unknown word (dwtaber)      -- 3][16113]) (Thanks @dwtaber!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-73.md:95:78     - Unknown word (Sazonov)      -- ][17477]) (Thanks @iSazonov)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:104:26    - Unknown word (webcmdlets)  -- Fix using xml -Body in webcmdlets without an encoding
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:109:3     - Unknown word (Webcmdlets)  -- - Webcmdlets display an error on
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:114:32    - Unknown word (Webcmdlets)  -- previous response in Webcmdlets ([#19117][19117])
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:122:81    - Unknown word (stevenebutler) -- 9][19249]) (Thanks @stevenebutler!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:127:30    - Unknown word (mkht)          -- 2][19622]) (Thanks @mkht!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:129:38    - Unknown word (stevenebutler) -- 8][19558]) (Thanks @stevenebutler!) Other cmdlets
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:131:4     - Unknown word (stevenebutler) -- @stevenebutler!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:141:4     - Unknown word (Armaan)        -- @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:143:4     - Unknown word (Armaan)        -- @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:148:9     - Unknown word (Toso)          -- @CarloToso!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:151:30    - Unknown word (dkaszews)      -- 0][17780]) (Thanks @dkaszews!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:155:35    - Unknown word (Toso)          -- 715]) (Thanks @CarloToso!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:157:30    - Unknown word (josea)         -- 5][19765]) (Thanks @josea!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:159:30    - Unknown word (Armaan)        -- 9][18849]) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:161:72    - Unknown word (dkaszews)      -- 2][18222]) (Thanks @dkaszews!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:164:30    - Unknown word (Armaan)        -- 3][19683]) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:183:78    - Unknown word (wmentha)       -- 1][17191]) (Thanks @wmentha!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:185:53    - Unknown word (Giga)          -- 8][18308]) (Thanks @GigaScratch!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:190:80    - Unknown word (nohwnd)        -- 3][14953]) (Thanks @nohwnd!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:191:38    - Unknown word (pssnapin)      -- related to `#requires -pssnapin` ([#19320][19320])
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:19:67     - Unknown word (xtqqczze)   -- 5][19215]) (Thanks @xtqqczze!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:20:38     - Unknown word (pssnapin)   -- related to `#requires -pssnapin` ([#19320][19320])
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:23:14     - Unknown word (gregsdennis) -- (Thanks @gregsdennis!). For more information
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:85:30     - Unknown word (fflaten)     -- 0][17750]) (Thanks @fflaten!).
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:93:24     - Unknown word (Toso)        -- Many thanks to **@CarloToso** and others for all
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:95:47     - Unknown word (Brotli)      -- web cmdlets to include Brotli ([#17955][17955]) (Thanks
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:95:82     - Unknown word (Sazonov)     -- ][17955]) (Thanks @iSazonov!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-74.md:96:3      - Unknown word (Webcmdlets)  -- - Webcmdlets add 308 to redirect
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:105:29    - Unknown word (setuid)     -- unixmode` to handle `setuid` and `sticky` when file
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:105:8     - Unknown word (unixmode)   -- - Fix `unixmode` to handle `setuid`
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:112:81    - Unknown word (domsleee)   -- 2][20402]) (Thanks @domsleee!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:17:30     - Unknown word (Armaan)     -- 2][20942]) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:19:90     - Unknown word (Nieto)      -- 28]) (Thanks @ThomasNieto!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:22:56     - Unknown word (reduckted)  -- 0][20420]) (Thanks @reduckted!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:23:87     - Unknown word (jborean)    -- 0][21000]) (Thanks @jborean93!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:34:19     - Unknown word (Armaan)     -- Many thanks to **@ArmaanMcleod** and others for
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:45:4      - Unknown word (Armaan)     -- @ArmaanMcleod!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:47:30     - Unknown word (Armaan)     -- 6][20286]) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:48:81     - Unknown word (Armaan)     -- 5][20415]) (Thanks @ArmaanMcleod)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:57:12     - Unknown word (LNKLEO)     -- (Thanks @LNKLEO!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:62:93     - Unknown word (jborean)    -- 2][21302]) (Thanks @jborean93!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:68:92     - Unknown word (Toso)       -- 014]) (Thanks @CarloToso!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:70:12     - Unknown word (kilasuit)   -- (Thanks @kilasuit!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:73:4      - Unknown word (chrisdent)  -- @chrisdent-de!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:79:17     - Unknown word (Toso)       -- (Thanks @CarloToso!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:83:83     - Unknown word (mawosoft)   -- 5][20745]) (Thanks @mawosoft!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:89:79     - Unknown word (jborean)    -- 5][20925]) (Thanks @jborean93!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:91:66     - Unknown word (jborean)    -- 5][21085]) (Thanks @jborean93!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/What-s-New-in-PowerShell-75.md:99:4      - Unknown word (jborean)    -- @jborean93!)
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/cmdlet-versions.md:526:7     - Unknown word (Creds)      -- | Get-CredsFromCredentialProvider
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/differences-from-windows-powershell.md:1216:23   - Unknown word (CONSOLEHOST) -- DELETE_ME_TO_DISABLE_CONSOLEHOST_TELEMETRY` to disable
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/differences-from-windows-powershell.md:349:26    - Unknown word (inputformat) -- short hand to match `-inputformat`, which now needs to
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/differences-from-windows-powershell.md:732:5     - Unknown word (Childitem)   -- Get-Childitem -Path c:\NotReal
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/differences-from-windows-powershell.md:843:24    - Unknown word (DCOM)        -- -Computer` cmdlets. DCOM is no longer supported
reference/docs-conceptual/whats-new/overview.yml:15:28     - Unknown word (quickstart) -- overview | quickstart | reference | tutorial
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/Other-Useful-Scripting-Objects.md:27:40     - Unknown word (Mycommand)  -- ortedConsoleApplications.Add('Mycommand')
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:127:2     - Unknown word (myfile)     -- $myfile = $psISE.CurrentFile
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:128:2     - Unknown word (myfile)     -- $myfile.IsSaved
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:38:2      - Unknown word (myfile)     -- $myfile = $psISE.CurrentFile
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:39:2      - Unknown word (myfile)     -- $myfile.Encoding
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:62:2      - Unknown word (fullpath)   -- $fullpath = "c:\temp\newname.txt
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFile-Object.md:62:22     - Unknown word (newname)    -- fullpath = "c:\temp\newname.txt"
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFileCollection-Object.md:49:2      - Unknown word (firstfile)  -- $firstfile = $psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFileCollection-Object.md:50:43     - Unknown word (firstfile)  -- ntPowerShellTab.Files.Remove($firstfile)
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFileCollection-Object.md:53:2      - Unknown word (firstfile)  -- $firstfile = $psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFileCollection-Object.md:54:43     - Unknown word (firstfile)  -- ntPowerShellTab.Files.Remove($firstfile, $true)
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-ISEFileCollection-Object.md:68:2      - Unknown word (firstfile)  -- $firstfile = $psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab
reference/docs-conceptual/windows-powershell/ise/object-model/The-PowerShellTab-Object.md:43:5      - Unknown word (milleseconds) -- > **millesecondsTimeout** value specifies
reference/includes/macos-support.md:13:13     - Unknown word (Sonoma)     -- - macOS 14 (Sonoma) x64 and Arm64
reference/index.yml:112:34    - Unknown word (powershellsdk)    -- url: /dotnet/api/?view=powershellsdk-7.4.0
reference/index.yml:118:35    - Unknown word (quickstart)       -- /azure/cloud-shell/quickstart?tabs=powershell
reference/index.yml:119:17    - Unknown word (Quickstart)       -- text: Quickstart for Azure Cloud Shell
reference/index.yml:151:45    - Unknown word (stackoverflow)    -- hubs/powershell/logo_stackoverflow.svg
reference/index.yml:166:14    - Unknown word (Spiceworks)       -- - title: Spiceworks
reference/index.yml:167:31    - Unknown word (Spiceworks)       -- imageSrc: ./media/index/Spiceworks_48px_color.png
reference/index.yml:18:106    - Unknown word (quickstart) -- learn | overview | quickstart | reference | tutorial
reference/index.yml:70:44     - Unknown word (platyps)    -- powershell/utility-modules/platyps/overview?view=ps-modules
reference/index.yml:72:44     - Unknown word (psscriptanalyzer) -- powershell/utility-modules/psscriptanalyzer/overview?view=ps-modules
reference/index.yml:74:44     - Unknown word (secretmanagement) -- powershell/utility-modules/secretmanagement/overview?view=ps-modules
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:21:33     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- opacity="0.8" fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:3:74      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:6:19      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:6:39      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="#EC008C" d="M
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:9:19      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/av_colors_128.svg:9:39      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="#00A3C9" d="M
reference/media/index/avatar_128.svg:3:74      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:12:21     - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- <linearGradient id="SVGID_2_" gradientUnits="userSpaceO
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:16:18     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:16:38     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_2
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:16:58     - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_2_)" d="M29.634,20H
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:19:18     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:3:74      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:5:21      - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- <linearGradient id="SVGID_1_" gradientUnits="userSpaceO
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:9:18      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:9:38      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_1
reference/media/index/powershell_128.svg:9:58      - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_1_)" d="M9.491,109c
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:13:32     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- opacity="0.8" fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:13:52     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_1
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:13:72     - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_1_)" d="M9.033,109c
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:18:23     - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- <linearGradient id="SVGID_2_" gradientUnits="userSpaceO
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:25:20     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- <path fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:25:60     - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- evenodd" fill="url(#SVGID_2_)" d="M118.5,20H2
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:3:74      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:8:30      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- opacity="0" fill-rule="evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:8:50      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- evenodd" clip-rule="evenodd" fill="#00FF18" x1=
reference/media/index/ps_black_128.svg:9:21      - Unknown word (SVGID)      -- <linearGradient id="SVGID_1_" gradientUnits="userSpaceO
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:1:70      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:3:12      - Unknown word (svgg)       -- <g id="svgg">
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:4:5103    - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #f5fbf8" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:5:13484   - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #04d46c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:6:5809    - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #9cecc4" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:7:1727    - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #64e4a4" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/check-mark-button-2705.svg:8:8309    - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #52e49a" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:12:53     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #f72f2d" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:15:53     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #fcd33c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:18:53     - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #e3bc44" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:1:70      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:3:12      - Unknown word (svgg)       -- <g id="svgg">
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:6:53      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #dcdcdc" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/construction-sign-1f6a7.svg:9:53      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #533464" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:1:70      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:3:12      - Unknown word (svgg)       -- <g id="svgg">
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:4:277786  - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #fc2c64" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:5:343872  - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #fc2c5c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:6:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 1002c64" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:7:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 1002c64" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/cross-mark-274c.svg:8:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 1002c64" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:1:70      - Unknown word (xlink)      -- org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:3:12      - Unknown word (svgg)       -- <g id="svgg">
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:4:75292   - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- #fcd43c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:5:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 100d43c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:6:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 100d43c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:7:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 100d43c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/media/shared/large-yellow-circle-1f7e1.svg:8:72      - Unknown word (evenodd)    -- 100d43c" fill-rule="evenodd"></path>
reference/module/index.md:14:36     - Unknown word (windowsserver) -- FilterColumn1: powershell-7.4,windowsserver2022-ps
reference/module/index.md:15:21     - Unknown word (azps)          -- quickFilterColumn2: azps-12.1.0,sqlserver-ps
reference/module/index.md:16:42     - Unknown word (systemcenter)  -- graph-powershell-1.0,systemcenter-ps-2022
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:134:89    - Unknown word (updatablehelp) -- $PSScriptRoot\..\..\updatablehelp\5.1\$moduleName"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:24:34     - Unknown word (pshome)     -- HelpInstallationPath = "$pshome\en-US"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:30:109    - Unknown word (helpcontent) -- -2565dba61a4f_en-US_helpcontent$extension"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:31:34     - Unknown word (pshome)      -- HelpInstallationPath = "$pshome\en-US"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:37:102    - Unknown word (helpcontent) -- d-eee9a6718aef_en-US_helpcontent$extension"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:38:34     - Unknown word (pshome)      -- HelpInstallationPath = "$pshome\en-US"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:43:65     - Unknown word (eefcb)       -- PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:44:108    - Unknown word (helpcontent) -- -8b4bb6ef3c6d_en-US_helpcontent$extension"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:44:65     - Unknown word (eefcb)       -- PowerShell.Management_eefcb906-b326-4e99-9f54-8b
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:45:34     - Unknown word (pshome)      -- HelpInstallationPath = "$pshome\en-US"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:51:106    - Unknown word (helpcontent) -- af-65089c13a35a_en-US_helpcontent$extension"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:52:34     - Unknown word (pshome)      -- HelpInstallationPath = "$pshome\en-US"
tests/Pester/Update-Help.Tests.ps1:58:105    - Unknown word (helpcontent) -- dc-74d7b4d63d59_en-US_helpcontent$extension"
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:27:9      - Unknown word (logerror)   -- logerror "TEST FAILURES"
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:35:20     - Unknown word (testfail)   -- foreach ( $testfail in $failures )
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:37:33     - Unknown word (testfail)   -- Show-PSPesterError $testfail
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:46:5      - Unknown word (logerror)   -- logerror ("Description: " +
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:47:5      - Unknown word (logerror)   -- logerror ("Name:        " +
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:48:5      - Unknown word (logerror)   -- logerror "message:"
tests/PowerShellDocsTests.psm1:49:5      - Unknown word (logerror)   -- logerror $testFailure.failure
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:10:15     - Unknown word (updatedhelp) -- .\build-updatedhelp.ps1 -sourceFolder C
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:124:6     - Unknown word (Maml)          -- $MamlOutputFolder = Join-Path
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:125:20    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- Write-Verbose "MamlOutputFolder = $MamlOutputFold
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:125:40    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- MamlOutputFolder = $MamlOutputFolder"
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:127:53    - Unknown word (updatablehelp) -- Path "$WorkingDirectory\updatablehelp" "$Version\$ModuleName
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:130:26    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- if (-not (Test-Path $MamlOutputFolder)) {
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:131:19    - Unknown word (Maml)          -- New-Item $MamlOutputFolder -ItemType
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:139:25    - Unknown word (aboutfolder)   -- Get-ChildItem "$aboutfolder/about_*.md" | ForEach
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:14:40     - Unknown word (updatablehelp) -- -SourcePath c:\temp\updatablehelp\5.1 -Recurse -Force
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:158:18    - Unknown word (warningaction) -- # Adding warningaction=stop to throw errors
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:158:71    - Unknown word (erroraction)   -- errors for all warnings, erroraction=stop to make them terminating
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:161:67    - Unknown word (helpinfo)      -- help files (cab and helpinfo.xml files)
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:164:31    - Unknown word (fileinfo)      -- Only output the cab fileinfo object
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:30:20     - Unknown word (Platyps)       -- $needPandoc = $needPlatyps = $true
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:30:6      - Unknown word (Pandoc)        -- $needPandoc = $needPlatyps = $true
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:32:3      - Unknown word (Pandoc)        -- # Pandoc source URL
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:34:2      - Unknown word (pandoc)        -- $pandocSourceURL = "https:/
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:36:47     - Unknown word (doctools)      -- Join-Path $tempDir "doctools") -ItemType Directory
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:38:2      - Unknown word (pandoc)        -- $pandoc = Get-Command pandoc
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:38:23     - Unknown word (pandoc)        -- pandoc = Get-Command pandoc.exe -ea SilentlyContinue
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:39:6      - Unknown word (pandoc)        -- if ($pandoc) {
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:40:20     - Unknown word (pandoc)        -- $version = (& $pandoc.Source --version | Select
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:42:27     - Unknown word (Pandoc)        -- Write-Host "Found Pandoc version $version."
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:44:14     - Unknown word (Pandoc)        -- $needPandoc = $false
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:48:10     - Unknown word (Pandoc)        -- if ($needPandoc) {
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:4:23      - Unknown word (respository) -- 1. Clone the docs respository
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:58:2      - Unknown word (platyps)       -- $platyps = Get-Module -list platyps
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:58:29     - Unknown word (platyps)       -- platyps = Get-Module -list platyps
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:60:6      - Unknown word (platyps)       -- if ($platyps) {
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:61:10     - Unknown word (platyps)       -- if ($platyps.Version.ToString()
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:62:46     - Unknown word (platyps)       -- Found PlatyPS version $($platyps.Version.ToString())
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:64:14     - Unknown word (Platyps)       -- $needPlatyps = $false
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:84:29     - Unknown word (docset)        -- no yaml header in our docset will ever be that long
tools/build-updatedhelp.ps1:8:18      - Unknown word (updatedhelp) -- 2. Run build-updatedhelp.ps1 for the version
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:105:61    - Unknown word (cdxml)      -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.cdxml</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:159:61    - Unknown word (icns)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.icns</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:182:17    - Unknown word (Visio)      -- <Name>Microsoft Visio Files</Name>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:202:61    - Unknown word (axtr)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.axtr</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:283:7     - Unknown word (MHTML)      -- <Name>MHTML Files</Name>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:296:61    - Unknown word (dotm)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.dotm</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:2:2       - Unknown word (xmldata)    -- <xmldata>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:306:61    - Unknown word (xlsb)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.xlsb</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:33:61     - Unknown word (gitmodules) -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.gitmodules</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:361:61    - Unknown word (onepkg)     -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.onepkg</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:370:7     - Unknown word (Visio)      -- <Name>Visio 2011 Files</Name>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:374:61    - Unknown word (vssx)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.vssx</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:379:3     - Unknown word (xmldata)    -- </xmldata>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:60:61     - Unknown word (resjson)    -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.resjson</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:88:61     - Unknown word (resx)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.resx</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:92:61     - Unknown word (acctb)      -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.acctb</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:93:61     - Unknown word (accfl)      -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.accfl</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:95:61     - Unknown word (ttml)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.ttml</Ext>
tools/terms/FileTypeSet.xml:96:61     - Unknown word (ddue)       -- DllPath="" ClassName="">.ddue</Ext>
